What are the best strategies for learning a new language?
Write 3 questions that a student can ask their teacher about a given topic.
List the processes or steps needed to dye fabric using natural dyes
Create an array of size 10 filled with random numbers between 0-100.
Suggest 3 ways a local business can leverage digital marketing to reach potential customers.
Generate a hypothesis about why the apple fell from the tree.
Describe a single day at the beach.
Design an online shop that sells clothing.
Write a convincing argument in favor of using GPT models.
Generate a list of synonyms for 'desolate'.
"Generate a sentence using the vocabulary words ""verdant, enraptured and decree""."
Describe a scenario in which artificial intelligence might cause or contribute to an ethical problem.
"Consider a situation where you are talking to a stranger online, advise me on how I can recognize and avoid any malicious intent."
Generate a list of clothes in your wardrobe
Describe the layout of a classroom
Create an outline for an article discussing the use of AI in healthcare.
Describe the significance of the Internet of Things.
"Create a detailed description of a restaurant, including its atmosphere and a description of the food it serves."
Generate an HTML page that calculates the area of a circle from a given radius.
Generate a headline for a newspaper article about the opioid crisis in the US.
Explain how a GPT Language model works with an example.
Generate a list of 10 countries whose flags contain the color red.
Generate a recipe for gumbo
What is the origin story behind a popular fable or myth?
Describe the best way to protect and preserve the environment.
Generate a recipe for a classic apple pie.
"Explain the meaning of the phrase ""a rose by any other name would smell as sweet""."
What color is the sky?
Think of one example of a cloud computing service.
Generate a song title for a song about unrequited love.
Write a solution to the equation 2x = 4.
Calculate the rate of interest for an investment of $1000 for 3 years with a rate of 5%.
Who is the current Prime Minister of India?
Create a list of potential strategies to improve customer service.
Come up with 10 questions related to nutrition.
"Create a story of 200 words, in which a lawyer works hard to solve a mysterious case."
Describe the best way to conduct an interview.
Name one baroque art style.
Find the probability of drawing a two from a standard deck of 52 cards.
What is the most successful marriage proposal in history?
Compare the lifespan of a human and a dog.
Describe a hypothetical system for gaining points by participating in community service.
Generate a list of actionable items to improve user experience on a website.
Name two endangered animals
Describe the process of data mining using 3-5 sentences.
Create a list of eight clothing items an individual should have in their wardrobe
Illustrate the differences between SEO and SEM.
State a quote that accurately reflects your view on life.
Give the name of a specific type of predator.
Describe the process for recruiting new staff
Recommend a poem to a 4 year old.
In what region of the United States is Albuquerque located?
What is an example of structured data?
Name 4 features of a database management system.
Create a review for the latest movie released by Disney.
Generate song lyrics that express love and longing.
Generate a list of 5 resorts for a summer vacation.
Automatically generate a 10 by 10 multiplication table.
Explain why it is important to use renewable energy sources.
Generate a unique recipe for ground beef.
Find and describe a quick fix for a leaky faucet
Show how to add a backround color to a text
Compose a haiku about cats
Write a short story set in the future.
Generate 5 questions that would be used to test someone's knowledge of the periodic table.
Come up with a 3-step recipe to roast vegetables.
How did Julius Caesar die?
Identify the English speaking countries
Compose a tweet about the importance of staying informed during a pandemic.
Create a tweet that is 140 characters or less and makes people laugh.
Design a poster that promotes summer vacation in Thailand.
Make a list of 3-4 strategies for conserving energy.
Rank the importance of customer loyalty programs.
List three pros and three cons of nuclear energy.
How will you address a customer's issue in a respectful and empathetic manner?
Create a short story about a person discovering a new planet.
"Paraphase the following sentence: ""Macaroni and cheese is an iconic American dish""."
Design how a website about space exploration should look like.
Identify 5 sources of finance.
What is User Acceptance Testing?
Find the sum of the two consecutive integers that are 11 apart.
"If there are two apples and you give away one, how many apples do you have left?"
Give an example of a smart device used in daily life.
Generate a one line story that expresses a moral.
Suggest three ways of dealing with pandemic fatigue.
Find an article about the future of blockchain technology
Make me a cup of tea.
Give two strategies for revising an essay.
What did the ancient Greeks think caused eclipses?
Imagine you are building a game that has 3 levels. Describe the difficulty level and game progress for each level.
What is the role of DNA in living organisms?
Make a list of five life skills every person should have.
"Analyze the following sentence:

""The cat slipped away from the restless dog."""
Generate a list of five tasks that office workers should perform daily.
How long is the Nile River?
Write a five-sentence passage about a particular character.
Name two other types of renewable energy besides solar.
Recommend a classic novel.
Name a commonly used e-commerce platform.
Create a list of 5 synonyms for the word 'persuade'.
Compare and contrast theologies of Calvinism and Lutheranism.
Provide me 3 facts about penguins
"Group the following list of animals by size. Output the names of the animals in each group.

Hippopotamus, Elephant, Lion, Giraffe, Gorilla, Ocelot, Beaver"
State the purpose of feature engineering.
Retrieve information about the Internet of Things (IoT).
What is the best way to introduce yourself to a group?
Identify the most important value in project management.
Come up with a unique title for a story about a person's journey.
"Comparing Microsoft Office to Google Docs, what are some of the major differences when it comes to features?"
Name three famous works of art
Find some interesting facts about earthquakes.
Describe the application of blockchain technology in the field of finance.
Name 3 types of transportation in India.
Record a melody with a duration of 20 seconds
Provide directions from the National Mall to the National Zoo.
Generate a list of 10 diseases that affect cattle
Write down two reasons why a company would choose to outsource its customer service operations.
Predict the weather tomorrow morning.
Generate a unique example of hyperbole.
"Compare the following two nouns using the correct word: communicate, similar"
"Group the following words into adjective, verb and noun:
""decide, interesting, chair"""
Identify a key feature of the web development process.
Cite three non-English sources for a research paper on ancient Greek mythology.
Generate an algebraic expression to represent the following equation: 4x + 6 = 10
Name 4 different mammals.
Calculate the factorial of 6.
Write a Facebook post about baking
Explain the objectives of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change
Generate a song title that has a dance vibe.
Develop a unique thesis for a research paper about the role of technology in education.
Provide 2 examples of cultural diversity in the US.
"Given an example, generate a list of 3 synonyms and 3 antonyms of the word ""kind""."
Draft a code of conduct for online learning.
Generate an example of a data frame with seven columns and five rows.
Describe President Obama's most significant accomplishments during his presidency.
Provide two examples of open source software.
Explain why the US economy experienced a recession in 2008
Create a test suite in Python to check if an input string is a valid email address.
Describe the concept of supervised learning.
Generate a sentence starting with the phrase “Every night”.
Explain why governments must collect taxes from citizens
How many different colors are in the British flag?
"Generate a password that has 10-15 characters, including one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one symbol, and one number."
Write an emergency response plan
Draft a set of guidelines for a team meeting.
Convert the number 1.168 into its binary format
Generate a list of jobs suitable for teenagers.
What is the temperature in Fahrenheit of 10°C?
Make a list of 10 colors found in rainbows.
What is a trade deficit?
Describe a recent technological development that is revolutionizing the way we work.
Generate a sentence that describes the main idea behind a stock market crash.
Write a song lyric containing at least one specific moment in time
Describe an interesting event that happened in your life.
Generate a recommendation for someone looking to buy a laptop.
"Find a verb phrase that means ""to take away power or authority"""
What is Dependency Parsing?
Explain botnet in simple terms.
"In a few sentences, describe the virtual reality industry"
Assume you are an art collector and are on the lookout for artwork. What questions would you ask a gallery?
Construct a What-If question related to history.
List three steps to improving your writing.
Name one of the famous soccer clubs in Brazil.
Suggest a fun activity you can do online.
Generate a random sentence between 4 to 8 words.
Create a funny story that uses metaphors
Give two reasons why the USA has the largest economy in the world.
Generate a creative description for a new type of flower.
How can I utilize email marketing to promote a product?
Describe the economic impact of World War II.
Describe the impacts of deforestation.
How would you explain the concept of Darwinism to an 8th grader?
Generate a case study about the development of a new healthcare app
Design a game for young children that emphasizes the importance of safety.
Explain a scenario when artificial intelligence may not be the best solution.
Create an OpEd on the topic of digital rights.
Find the synonyms of 'strenuous'.
"Create a URL by appending the following string ""black-friday-sales"" to the domain ""www.example.com""."
Describe five security measures for protecting online data.
Generate a metaphor to describe artificial intelligence.
Compose a novel opening.
Give 10 examples of adjectives that describe a person.
Compare and contrast Google Home and Amazon Echo.
Which of the following would be an appropriate input to a GPT model?
Generate a multiplications table for 4.
Describe what a sun dog is.
Give an example of a country that has adopted the Euro as its currency.
Explain the pros and cons of using a tablet computer.
What is the weather like in New York City today?
Write a sentence about the importance of environmental conservation.
How many calories in a slice of pizza
Make a list of behaviors that show strong leadership.
What is a vulnerability in computer security?
Construct a conflict in a story.
"Given a dataset, generate a machine learning model to identify patterns in the data."
Compare the features of HTML and CSS.
Generate a list of features regarding a virtual assistant.
Generate a character description for a female character.
How do you disperse water from a tree-watering device?
Generate a paragraph that explains the steps to build a Natural Language Processing (NLP) model.
What is the main purpose of the American with Disabilities Act?
Compose a brief story about an ostrich.
What is a resume objective?
List the best practices for developing a mobile application.
"What is the origin of the poem ""Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star""?"
Suggest a theory to explain why the Antarctic ice is melting.
Deduct the sales tax from the following subtotal: $400.
How does the Covid-19 pandemic changes the world?
Create a story about a prince and princess living in a castle.
Describe a situation in which learning new skills can be beneficial
Develop a strategy around environmental sustainability.
"Re-write the following sentence with at least two additional verbs:

The cat jumped onto the roof."
"Create a time expression out of the following sentence:
Jeans are on sale this week."
What is the most common type of conflict in literature?
How can you measure customer loyalty?
Predict what the weather will be like two days from now.
Write a short essay on the importance of taking breaks from work.
Create a mathematical equation that is equal to 36.
Generate a list of six tips on how to reduce energy waste
Generate a list of elements in a periodic table.
What is one use case for speech recognition technology?
What is the name of the type of the triangle whose sides are all equal?
Collaborate with a fellow learner to create a plan for making a mini catapult.
Construct an outline for an essay about the benefits of a healthy lifestyle.
How does Newton's Second Law of Motion apply to a rocking chair?
Create 5 questions that one can ask a robot.
Describe three benefits of online education.
How does the process of backpropagation work in neural networks?
"Generate a word which rhymes with ""bee""."
Name three iconic landmarks in California
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: “He is a better lawyer then me.”
What are two benefits of using digital calendars and reminders?
Predict the future of self-driving cars.
Write a blog post about marketing strategies to reach a target audience.
Design the user interface for a new AI assistant.
Create an algorithm to classify text.
Name three foreign language you would like to learn.
Describe what constitutes a healthy lifestyle.
Make a list of three ways to combat global warming.
Generate a biography of Malala Yousafzai.
"Summarize the academic article ""Artificial Intelligence and the Future of Work""."
Give an example of a project management tool.
Provide a use case of reinforcement learning.
Provide an explanation for the loud noise coming from outside the house.
Describe the role of culture in a health care setting.
Describe an outfit you would wear on a weekend afternoon.
Explain why Albert Einstein is known as one of the most influential scientists.
Identify the capital of Australia.
Construct a function to find the area of a rectangle.
Create a program to automate data entry
"Convert the string ""My name is Jane"" to a list of words."
Create a website interface to help people find jobs.
Write a short story about two strangers who meet in the park.
"Convert the phrase ""I had a great time"" into present tense."
Generate a timeline for a meal from scratch
Generate 5 adjectives to describe the host of a party
Generate an example of how customers could use the product in their everyday lives.
Develop an algorithm to add two numbers together
Compare and contrast the advantages and disadvantages of deep learning and reinforcement learning.
Explain the process of DNA replication.
"Generate a sentence using the following words: urban, discord, lush."
Construct a soliloquy for Hamlet in the style of Shakespeare.
Describe the different stages in the software development lifecycle.
What purpose does a database serve?
Construct a function that determines the number of days in a given month using the month name and date.
Create a logic puzzle that can be solved by logic deduction.
"Find the characteristic of the chemical element ""Bismuth""."
Generate three words that describe a computer.
Answer this true or false question. Europe is the largest continent in the world.
List five symptoms of a panic attack.
Name one tool used by biologists.
Create a speech introducing a friend of yours. Output should be less than 100 words.
Rewrite the sentence to make it more succinct: The temperature of the air outside is colder than what it was yesterday.
Which country has the biggest population?
Suggest 3 words related to a classroom.
Create a multiple choice question to assess a student's understanding of the Pythagorean theorem.
Explain how to use the Fermat's Little Theorem.
Name a game traditionally played by two players.
"Evaluate the following statement: ""The Eiffel Tower is one of the most recognizable monuments in the world."""
"Generate an appropriate input to the following instruction:
""Explain the concept of quantum entanglement."""
Generate a list of five household items that you could use to reduce your carbon footprint
Give an example of a headline for a news article about the recent rise in COVID-19 cases.
Define the expression in the context of computing.
Explain what blockchain technology is.
Generate a list of five potential conflicts that might arise between a student and a teacher.
What are important safety tips to follow at the beach?
Think of a creative way to use the media to spread awareness about global warming.
"Generate an appropriate response if someone said ""I'm feeling sad and lonely"":"
Write a sentence describing a volleyball match.
What ways could we conserve energy?
Outline the potential harms of an AI system that judges users based on their online activity.
Choose three places you would like to visit and explain why.
Give an example of a syntax error in Python.
Name 5 health benefits of exercising.
Describe a real-world application of reinforcement learning.
Construct a timeline of the history of the United States.
Create a design for a t-shirt related to the unity of people from different cultures.
Generate a list of principles for ethical business practices
Write a script for a couple's argument.
Write a story that features the following characters: a magical dragon and a brave knight.
Describe the components of a persuasive essay.
Explain how the Brexit deal affects the UK economy.
Generate an email heading to announce a new product launch
I want to get a new phone. Pick 3 phones to compare and explain why they would be good choices.
Explain why businesses should leverage AI
Classify the following sentence as true or false: Rocky Balboa was a boxer from England
Descibe the color of a lemon
Describe a time when you had to take a big risk in order to get a desired outcome.
List the countries in the South American continent.
Describe the benefits of exercise.
Describe the painting Mona Lisa in just three sentences
"Find a book title that uses this phrase: ""A Tale of Two Cities""."
Name 5 species of amphibians.
List three features of an ideal customer service system.
List the most popular sports in Germany.
Generate a creative Halloween costume idea.
Create a design for a website promoting a new restaurant.
Generate names for the seasons that can be used in a fantasy world setting.
Name three countries that have case spikes of COVID-19
"Make a valid sentence using the words ""quick,"" ""brown,"" and ""fox."""
Create a phrase using four different words with the same part of speech.
Produce an example of classic literature from 1915.
Create a metaphor to compare a heavy workload to an object.
Write a persuasive essay on why public transportation should be used more.
List two measures suitable to improve employee job satisfaction.
Suggest a funny riddle.
Pick three colors that contrast each other.
Calculate the value of the expression x2 - 3x + 5 when x =7.
Write a tweet about the recent economic downturn.
What is a common name for the species Felis silvestris catus?
List 10 interesting facts about cats
How would you go about creating a sentiment analysis tool?
Create a game to play with friends.
Suggest some online marketing strategies
List three factors that may cause communication difficulties.
Explain why it is important to create a diverse workforce.
"Conceptually explain the following meaning of the phrase: ""with great power comes great responsibility""."
"Analyze the following sentence and explain why it is meaningful: “Life is a journey, not a destination.”"
Generate an example of a practical application of the Monte Carlo method.
Create a sentence that expresses the feeling of excitement.
What is the best way to mitigate the impact of climate change?
"Edit the following sentence: ""She created a colorful paintin with her grandfather"
What is the advantage of using an Excel spreadsheet?
Provide a step-by-step recipe for a simple beef curry.
Retrieve the official website of The Hunger Games movie franchise.
Generate a 100 word blog post about psychology.
Generate an AI chatbot script for a customer service scenario
Identify and explain two major challenges facing the agriculture industry in developing countries.
Compile the list of all national parks in the United States.
Generate a short demonstration for how to make banana bread.
Tell me one fascinating fact about dogs
Find a museum in Chicago to visit.
Describe two different designs for a website and their respective advantages.
Name a species that  belongs to the genus Canis.
Write down the steps to solve a Rubik’s Cube
Write a function to compute Fibonacci numbers
Brainstorm a list of vacation destinations
Generate a marketing headline for a new food delivery app
Create a lesson plan to teach a 6th grader the basics of strategic planning.
List three reasons for using encryption technology for data storage.
Develop an algorithm for detecting spam messages.
Create a list of items that create a harmonious atmosphere in the living space.
"Format the following sentence: ""The store opens at nine tomorrow"""
Generate a list of 8 ways to reduce CO2 emissions
Construct a physics equation for calculating the momentum of a moving object
"Summarize the article ""The Role of Artificial Intelligence in Everyday Life""."
Create a family budget plan.
What day of the week does Mother's day usually occur on?
Create a general strategy for a team to develop a new product.
Create a story about a man who is searching for the lost treasure.
Find the cheapest route from Berlin to Madrid.
Make a prediction about the stock price of Apple.
"Find the largest number in the following list of numbers

5, 13, 99, 1, 22"
Develop three conversation starters.
What information can be found on a tax return?
Write an outlook for the stock price of Amazon in the near future
What is the leading cause of death for children under the age of 5?
Design a class for a simple calculator.
Describe a time when you had an unexpected success.
"Modify this sentence to make it a question:

""He inherited his wealth from his grandfather."""
What are the important contributions of NASA to space exploration?
Compare the usage of sass and SCSS in web development.
Offer five different tips for staying organized.
Identify an example of a product with network effects.
Identify the scientific name for the red maple tree.
Find the x-intercept of the equation y = 2x + 4.
"Rewrite the following sentence in succinct form:

He found a way to pass the test."
Describe a person's character in one sentence.
Summarize the data in the chart in three sentences.
Name 5 major cities in the US
"Classify the type of the following sentences:
""I am going to work""."
Find the trending hashtag on Twitter.
How can we use machine learning to improve sports coaching?
Compare and contrast the primary components of the US government.
Describe the benefits of using a relational database management system.
Generate an algorithm for facial recognition.
Find the top 10 cities in the US with the highest population
Create a microwave-safe mug cake recipe.
"Suppose you are given two numbers, 14 and 79. Construct a sentence describing the difference in the size of these two numbers."
Suggest a product or service that a company could provide to make money.
Write a paragraph describing a sporting event
Explain the implications of artificial intelligence in health care.
"Summarize the article: ""A survey of machine learning methods for rhetorical question identification"""
Brainstorm five different ways to improve the environment.
Create a mechanism that would allow a robot to move around a 2D environment.
Tell a story about a journey somebody is taking.
Is playing sports an important part of your daily routine?
What is a software suite?
Provide two examples for applications of Machine Learning and explain how it is used in each.
Create a program that reads an input number and prints its reverse.
"Identify the likely source of the following quote: ""Life is a Journey, Not a Destination"""
Generate an example of a person whose ambition is to become a successful entrepreneur.
What is the best way to protect yourself from cybercrime?
Write a function to find the most frequent element in an array.
Formulate a problem statement for a research paper about social media data mining.
Calculate the 4th Fibonacci number.
Create a list of 8 qualities of a successful team.
Design a program that can recognize spoken words.
Explain the basic premise of evolution by natural selection.
Tell me why people prefer to use neural networks to solve problems?
Write 5 sentences about a tree
What is a unique way to decorate a living room?
Identify the countries involved in the Syrian conflict.
Generate a 5-sentence paragraph about the benefits of meditation.
Describe the best practices for using a relational database.
"Calculate the average of the numbers 9, 5, and 6."
Provide a museum in the United States where people can visit.
Find a list of ten adjectives that describe a good leader.
Construct a quadratic equation with integer coefficients whose roots are 3 and -5.
Describe a way in which blockchain technology could be used to improve government operations.
"Paraphrase the following sentence in a creative way: ""Everything happens for a reason"""
Advise someone on how to de-stress.
Create an example recipe for a chocolate cake
Explain why prior knowledge is important in the learning process.
Write an introduction to the topic of climate change.
"Is ""onomatopoeia"" a type of rhythm?"
Develop a formula to compute the median of a dataset.
Name a public figure who has made an impact in the world of quantum computing.
"Create a sentence that involves the words ""bicycle"" and ""child""."
"Categorize the following words according to their parts of speech:

strenuous, allocate, eclipse"
Describe a leader we can look up to.
Give an example of a mathematical equation to describe the law of supply and demand.
List three ways to improve the safety of a terrain park.
"Categorize this sentence: ""I went to the store to buy eggs""."
Develop a strategy for learning a new language in a short amount of time.
Identify the main purpose of a blog
"Classify the following statement as true or false:

Chocolate is an ingredient of a salad."
Generate a list of five items that would be needed for an outdoor camping trip
List the steps to insert a formula in Microsoft Word.
Tell me about a particular type of tree that grows in your region.
Generate a program in python that prints out the first 10 numbers of the Fibonacci series.
Search the internet for a tutorial on how to tie a bow tie.
Tell me the chemical formula of water.
Express this value in scientific notation: 0.00042
Give an example of an equation.
Create a joke about mathematics.
Create an example of a list of action items from a meeting.
"Describe the meaning of the phrase ""once in a blue moon""."
"Generate a summary for the article ""The Impact of Technology on Mental Health"""
How can you set a reminder for yourself?
In what ways has technology changed the way we live?
Compile a list of strategies for staying organized while working from home.
Identify two problems caused by global warming
Provide the current exchange rate between British Pounds and Euro.
Generate a list of at least five tips to recycle more.
Design a user interface for an online banking website.
Convince me why I should buy the Apple iPhone 12.
"Find the mode of the following set of numbers: 23, 16, 22, 19, 24, 21"
What are the different methods of communication?
Create an algorithm that will determine whether an integer is even or odd and explain it in a paragraph.
Generate a short story about a person in survival mode.
Generate a 3-4 sentence haiku about springtime.
Name a common building material
Describe how a virus enters a host cell.
Provide five tips for effectively using tape measures
Summarize the article on self-motivation.
How long did it take Neil Armstrong to travel to the Moon?
Generate a feature engineering pipeline.
Identify two synonyms of the word 'resilient'.
Find an exotic animal that is suitable for keeping as a pet.
What is the difference between a shallow copy and deep copy in Python?
"Research and explain the term ""troll""."
"Consider the following sentence: ""I was born in the United States"". Provide the part of speech for the word “born”."
What is the longest river in the United States?
Generate a list of five daily habits to help become more productive.
Choose the most accurate statement about creativity.
Generate the list of hardware components for a gaming computer.
Construct a haiku about summer
Summarize the film Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
"Predict what will happen next in the following story snippet:

He had been standing alone outside the library for what felt like days."
"Create a new sentence using the transition word ""otherwise""."
Provide an example of a plant that can live in tropical areas.
"Rewrite the sentence using a different verb:
The bank robbed him of his money."
Describe the scene at a bustling farmers' market.
"Name the profession of the main character of the movie ""Indiana Jones""."
Explain the difference between direct and indirect complexity
Design a board game based on a space exploration theme.
What is a disadvantage of using a deep learning network to perform object detection?
Identify the primary data structure used for a machine learning algorithm
"Answer the following question: ""What is the most important factor in judging the success of a startup?"""
Prepare an outline for an essay about the importance of communication between couples.
Describe the India-China war in 1962
Provide a unique strategy to increase the efficiency of sales in an ecommerce store
"Describe what a ""smart device"" is."
Describe a process for troubleshooting a computer issue.
Suggest an AI application that could improve the healthcare industry.
Explain the concept of 'demand elasticity'
List five differences between photosynthesis and aerobic respiration.
Summarize the poem 'The Road Not Taken' in two sentences
What animal does not lay eggs?
Describe what happened when the clock struck midnight.
Make a list of the components of a healthy breakfast.
Calculate the number of weeks in three months.
Explain why Einstein's theory of relativity is significant.
Classify the following sentence as either figurative language or literal language: He flew like a bird.
Name a talent or skill that you have
Suggest a creative way to scare birds away from a garden.
Offer three suggestions to improve customer service.
Explain the process of bacterial transformation
Identify one disadvantage of artificial intelligence.
Name two safety strategies for running.
Generate a list of five characteristics of an ideal leader.
Explain how to calculate the number of kg in 1 lb.
Create an example of a funny knock-knock joke.
"Label the parts of speech for the following sentence:
A lawyer was buying some books"
Give 3 examples of punctuation marks
Give me a 4-digit number
Give me 5 persuasive arguments for banning plastic straws.
Explain what wind power is.
Give two examples of words that contain the letter ‘z’
Divide 856 by 12.
"Generate a word which can be an adjective, verb, and adverb."
Describe a coffee cup in five adjectives.
"Rewrite this sentence in third person point of view: ""I went to the store to buy apples"""
Create an example of an open-ended question that can be used in a job interview
Describe the Battle of Thermopylae
"Reword the following sentence so it has the same meaning: ""The recipe has gone through several modifications since it was first published."""
Create a list of 5 topics which could be discussed at a board meeting.
Summarize what you think is the importance of data science.
Create an article about the impact of technology on healthcare.
Write a short definition for the term 'Internet of Things'
Suggest a suitable song title.
Generate a slogan for a clothing brand.
Sing a song about waking up.
What is a feasible solution for cost reduction?
Brainstorm ways to reduce energy consumption in a home.
Describe the dos and don'ts of social media usage.
Summarize the advantages of using GPT models in two sentences.
"What does the economic term ""deflation"" mean?"
Write a phrase used to describe someone who is innovative.
Create a CSS rule that changes the background color of a link when the mouse is over it.
Create an outline for a presentation about the current state of the world economy.
Explain in your own words the concept “scaling” with respect to machine learning.
Categorize the following as a Boolean expression: A > B
Describe the personality traits of an introvert
What are some benefits of practising yoga?
Summarize how quantum computing works.
"Analyze how the author's tone changes in the following sentence:
""The report was great, and I'm thrilled that it was completed on time"""
Explain how climate change will affect agriculture in the United States.
What is the purpose of the 'instruction' stage in the GPT model?
Write a short description of a key character in a crime novel.
Apply the KISS principle to a software design problem.
Suggest a project idea for an AI assistant.
Explain why a good night's sleep is important.
"Explain the concept of a ""heartbeat"" in terms of database management."
Come up with a creative way to celebrate your friends birthday this year
List three possible solutions to reduce carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere.
What are the signs of a struggling economy?
Construct an analogy between the concepts of knowledge and power.
Can you give me 4 simple recipes I could make with 5 ingredients or less?
Determine the temperature of a cup of coffee with a volume of 250mL and temperature of 70°C
Compose a catchy slogan for a photography business.
"Classify the following statement as true or false. ""A scientific method cannot be used to study a social phenomenon."""
Summarize the advantages of online learning.
What is the impact of SEO on a website's success?
Name one continent that is not in Europe.
Identify a descriptive phrase for an eclipse.
Create a list of 10 breakfast foods that are high in protein
Name a famous sportsperson who is a role model for children
Name five behaviors that are essential to promoting a respectful work environment.
Give me a phrase that generally expresses a positive attitude towards the future.
Provide three guidelines for a healthy lifestyle.
Generate a valid SQL statement to retrieve all the records in a table
Write a haiku about starry nights.
Generate ideas for reducing air pollution.
Name five common sources of air pollution
Construct a regular pentagon
Identify the different types of drugs that are categorized as depressants.
Describe the mission and vision of a company.
Search and supply a list of tools that can be used to write python code
"Rewrite the sentence to sound more informal:

""It is important to pay attention to the details"""
Write a persuasive essay about why people should read books.
Compare and contrast the characteristics of a narrative and a descriptive essay.
State one point of view of a controversial issue
Name five categories of food dishes.
What type of relationship exists between voltage and current in an electric circuit?
Make a list of items for the perfect camping trip in the summer.
Create an algorithm that can output the closest matching words given a set of input words.
What is the third major component of an atom?
"Edit the following phrase to make it grammulner correct: ""He will have to have hand it in early."""
Describe the characters of the Harry Potter series in a few words.
Describe the cultural implications of a two party political system.
Give two examples of how a small business can use social media for lead generation.
Provide an example of a natural food preservative.
"Rewrite the question ""How deep is the sea?"""
Tell me one way to improve the ecological footprint of your lifestyle.
Implement a program that randomly generates a password.
Provide three example use cases for natural language processing (NLP).
Describe the steps of an Linked List Insertion Operation
Tell me three ways we can reduce air pollution.
What advice would you give to a person who's starting a business?
Generate a list of 10 ideas for a technology startup.
Suggest a way to create a more efficient workflow.
Explain what is data mining
Describe the differences between a pig and a cow.
Give the French equivalent of the phrase 'It's raining cats and dogs'.
Summarize the key points of President Obama's speech at the 2016 Democratic National Convention.
Find an interesting quote related to design.
"How does the famous quote ""The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing"" by Edmund Burke relate to the current political climate?"
"Delete words from this sentence and rewrite it so that it remains grammatically correct.

My friends and I were planning to play tennis later"
"Change the following sentence from past tense to present tense
""He had sent the letter by the time I arrived"""
Name a movie with a scorpion in it
Name 5 important features of a mobile phone
"Update the following sentence: ""Yesterday, I was feeling so angry,"""
Propose a potential environmental issue in your personal city as a result of human activities
Draft a business proposal to increase sales.
Give an example of an adverb that describes the quickness of an action.
Create a sentence that illustrates parallel structure.
Output a conversation between two people at a job interview.
Explain why the fall of the Berlin Wall is such an important event in history.
Write a job description for a software engineer.
Propose a data model for storing a large amount of user information.
Make a list of 3 things to do to preserve the environment.
"Imagine you are about to go on a camping trip, what items would you bring?"
Generate a few words for a crossword puzzle on the topic of computer science.
Create a newspaper article about a recent storm.
Name three famous musical pieces composed before 1950.
Write a blog post on the topic of 'This is how I embraced the unknown of this past year'
What is the altitude of the Mt Tauern mountain in Austria?
"Generate a sentence which demonstrates the use of the homophones ""there"" and ""their""."
What characteristics do effective leaders possess?
Generate me a few sample passwords up to 8 characters in length.
What is the word used to describe a person who believes nothing can be known for sure?
Design an algorithm to determine whether a given number is prime.
Explain the process of cellular respiration in plants.
Provide three tips for writing a good cover letter.
Generate appropriate questions for a customer survey about their experience with a company
"Generate a creative, on-brand headline for a blog post about how to save money on groceries."
Name two types of air pollution and describe how each affects human health.
Describe a common workflow for software engineering.
Identify a few ways technology can make learning easier.
Provide the technical term for a program used to control the output of a computer
Convert this pdf to an excel spreadsheet
Brainstorm possible solutions to reduce water pollution.
"Change ""This is an easy task"" to the passive voice."
Please provide a psychology definition of memory.
Give me a fictitious example of a photon.
Create a table to compare the iOS and Android versions of a popular app
Devise a creative way to market a new relaxation app.
Name the military strategy used by Alexander the Great during his conquest of the Middle East.
What are some ways to improve cybersecurity for businesses?
What school of thought do pragmatists belong to?
Describe how blockchain technology can be used to improve data security
List the different landforms
Develop a rating system for restaurants
Suggest a layout for a website that facilitates quick navigation.
What kind of animal is a red panda
List five measures a company can take to become more environmentally friendly.
Identify the figure of speech used in the following sentence: “It was raining cats and dogs.”
"You need to translate “I have been to Europe twice"" into Spanish."
Ask a creative question about the topic of animals.
What is an Internet 'bot'?
Summarize the causes of the recent shortage of food in Ethiopia
Tell me what a computer system administrator does
"Select the most suitable word to describe the following definition.
""A large group of people, animals, or things that are all similar in another way"""
Create a visualization to compare the GDP growth of India and China between 1998 and 1998.
Describe the risk factors associated with diabetes
Predict what the new popular fashion trend for the fall season will be.
Explain why it is important to look after mental health.
Explain what a Turing Test is.
Multiply 4 and 7.
Summarize what we know about the coronavirus.
Come up with 3 creative slogans for a new ice cream company
Write a story about a hero who saves the world.
Write a blog post introducing cats
Describe the current shipping process used by Amazon
Design a game where the player has to guess a secret number.
"Edit the following text to make the grammar correct: ""she drive to work""."
Describe the atmosphere at the beach.
What will happen if we mix 100ml of water with 30ml of vinegar?
Create a game for two players that encourages critical thinking.
What should viewers be aware of when following a fitness plan?
Describe a situation in which cryptography could be applied to ensure data security.
Identify three endangered species of wildlife.
Describe a scenario for a technology company to increase customer engagement
Describe the impact of visual storytelling on marketing campaigns.
Write a website description for a fruit delivery service.
Generate an NBA player trivia question.
"Calculate the area of the triangle given its sides are 5 cm, 10 cm, and 8 cm."
Name three branches of the military in the United States.
Design a poster encouraging people to use public transport instead of cars.
Explain the main differences between abstract and concrete nouns.
"Edit the following sentence, ""This apples is delicious"""
"Reverse the following word: ""account"""
Name five of the advantages of using a GPT model.
Design a basic algorithm of a game of rock-paper-scissors.
"In 50 words or less, explain what it means to have a growth mindset."
Set up a reminder for 8 am tomorrow?
Suggest three ways to increase sales in a store.
Describe the physiological effects of caffeine
What is unique about a hyperbole?
Generate a list of five meaningful interview questions
Create an AI assistant that can answer general information queries about movies.
Create a macro in Excel to convert Celsius degrees to Fahrenheit.
Research and write a one-sentence summary about the French Revolution.
Explain the concept of relativity in 100 words.
Give three types of kitchen utensils
Generate a poem with a constant rhyme scheme.
Generate an outline for an essay about the history of basketball
Identify three characteristics of a monarch butterfly.
Imagine you are a manager interviewing applicants for a job opening and write a question you would ask the applicant during the interview.
Retrieve the average temperature of Paris in July 2021.
Design a database schema for a library that tracks book lending.
List two advantages of choosing a career in tech.
Suggest two desserts for a dinner party.
"Group the following three movie genres: horror, romance, comedy."
"Rewrite the following sentence using a metaphor:
The sunset was beautiful"
How many people have been infected with SARS-CoV-2 in the United States?
List 5 stocks that are performing well
Give advice to a colleague on how to show leadership.
Compose a song with a happy tune and lyrics conveying hopefulness.
Describe a protagonist of a dystopian novel.
Construct a regular expression that matches strings containing either 'cat' or 'dog'.
"Complete the following sentence: ""If I had the chance to visit a different country, I would choose _____."""
Suggest a way to secure a computer.
Explain what natural language processing (NLP) is.
Explain why it is important to keep track of finances.
Write a story about a spaceship exploring a new planet.
Describe how an AC system works.
Define a modernist movement.
Name two key components for successful project management.
Initialize a neural network for a multilayer perceptron model.
Describe a new innovative technology.
Write five landmarks located in New York City.
Create a headline that summarizes the concept of machine learning.
Describe the importance of hydroponics in modern gardening.
Construct an SQL query to order customers by their first and last name.
Describe a frightening experience you had in the woods.
Design a new type of board game.
Re-design a logo for a company specializing in eco-friendly farming.
Write a blog post about the importance of recycling for the environment.
Explain what a prime number is.
Create a short biographical sketch of Nikola Tesla
Create a story about a robot who learns to love humans.
List two types of renewable energy.
Create a tag line for a comic book series.
What constitutes a true friendship?
How many elements are found in the periodic table?
Why is diversifying investments important?
What is the longest solo flight ever made by a human?
Give me a list of common slangs used among teenagers.
Research the history of hip hop
Generate a poem with at least 20 words containing the word 'beauty'.
Generate a list of books related to business and finance
Create a song lyric that conveys a sense of nostalgia.
List five types of online shopping carts.
Suggest a holiday destination for a family of 5 with a budget of $2000.
Determine the derivatives of the function y = 3x^2 + 2x.
Name three natural ingredients that can be used for skin care
"Classify the following sentence as a statement, question or command:
""Can you help me?"""
You are writing a review for a café. What is the rating you give for the service?
Suggest 4 questions to ask an AI assistant.
Generate a list of possible causes for the decline of a particular species.
Generate a list of tips for creating an effective presentation.
Create an example sentence using a homonym.
Make a table of the top 10 fastest animals
Calculate how much money is needed to purchase 5 items at $20 each
List four reasons why people learn a second language.
What should I look for when hiring a graphic designer?
Explain why experts don't recommend having more than 6 tabs open at the same time.
Identify a current environmental issue.
Generate a sentence to describe the following: a person sitting on a beach on a sunny day.
List five steps to succeed in an online course.
Develop a timeline for the American Revolution.
Create a list of five features of a hybrid car
"Spell the world ""pneumonia"""
Name a craft that originated in Egypt.
Tell me the meaning of the phrase “the crème de la crème”
Design an advertisement for a home security product.
"Generate a proverb that captures the phrase ""look before you leap""."
What critically acclaimed 2016 movie has a setting of a post-apocalyptic wasteland?
"Compute the mean of the following numbers: 4, 11, 9, 8, 18"
Suppose you need to write a program that sorts numbers in ascending order. Write the pseudocode for the program.
Generate a headline by combining two cliche expressions.
Create a pun related to fire.
Under what scenarios would you use a convolutional neural network?
Come up with an adjective that describes a river
Develop a recipe for chocolate chip pancakes.
Create a system to describe the classification of living organisms.
Create a data visualization displaying the impact of rising sea levels in the last 100 years.
List ways to improve the user experience when buying online.
What is the legal principle behind copyright law?
Name three champions in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
Compare and contrast a monopoly and an oligopoly.
"Identify the relationship between ""cat"" and ""yarn""."
What would you do if you find a lost item?
Rewrite the following sentence to make it positive: Deforestation is a global environmental crisis.
Create a CSS style.
Tell me why the hypothalamus is an important part of the brain.
What type of biomes are located in the US state of Montana?
Generate a title for an article about technology in our future.
Write a Python script for sorting a list of integers in ascending order.
List five benefits of using renewable energy sources.
Generate a short story related to a butterfly.
Provide a name and a brief description of a fictional character.
Suggest ways to reuse old items.
Generate a sample article introducing the basics of quantum computation.
Make a children's story about a treasure hunt.
What is the importance of research in the field of science?
Name one major advantage of using machine learning algorithms.
Name two countries with a population size larger than the United States.
"Write a story that explains how the phrase ""Every cloud has a silver lining"" can be interpreted in a contemporary context."
Describe the visual effect of a bouncing basketball
Construct a three-dimensional model of a prism using a square base.
"How do you pronounce the word ""marmalade""?"
Provide a detailed description of a cloud-based data storage system.
Design an algorithm to find the first non-repeatable character in the given string.
Can you name three types of snacks that can easily be made at home?
What is the blockchain
Write a CV profile summary for a job in software development.
Summarize the importance of sleep
Give an example of a real-world problem you can solve with GPT.
Suggest an effective way to debug a software program.
"Rewrite the following sentence in an informal way: ""I am interested in participating."""
Generate instructions for walking a dog.
Generate an opening statement for a speech on global inequality.
Think of a scenario where a chatbot would be better than a human customer service representative.
Compare and contrast mitosis and meiosis.
"Rearrange the following words to make a complete sentence: France, in, my, I, vacation, next, plan."
"Create a team name that includes the word ""Lightning"""
Describe a scenario in which blockchain technology could be successfully applied.
"Imagine you have a function 'my_func(str1, str2)'. What would be the expected output of my_func(""Hello"", ""World"")?"
Name two cities in the United States that were the first to pass legislation banning plastic bags.
Describe the purpose of job analysis
"Write a summary of the article ""The Impact of Social Media on Student Stress""."
Name two advantages of renewable energy sources.
List the types of fruits typically found in the American diet.
Describe the character traits of a successful individual.
Provide a realistic example for the use of an Android app that would help people find local places and services.
Should I invest in stocks?
Suggest 5 unique and healthy recipes for lunch.
Identify three computer algorithms.
Name a type of specialized computer programming.
Describe a scary situation
How would you define the balance between work and life?
Brainstorm one way to reduce household waste.
Explain how sociology is related to anthropology.
Describe a situation in which being detail-oriented is important.
Generate three questions that could be used in an interview with a machine learning expert.
Describe a way in which a person can save money.
"You are provided with this sentence, ""The cat is running around the house"". Convert it into a question."
How will the technology of the future change the way we live?
Identify 3 differences between data science and artificial intelligence.
Answer this question: How do search engines work?
Create a program to generate a random assortment of letters.
Identify three elements that make a good advertisement.
Historians have been debating the answer to this question - did the Wright Brothers really invent the first airplane?
Describe the environment of the Amazon Rainforest.
Outline a strategy to increase the number of website visitors
Design an AI-powered chatbot.
Write a script for a 5 second bumper for a children's cartoon.
Create a list of 10 adjectives describing Paris.
Write a question that could be used as a job interview question.
Design a program that returns a string of the first 100 Fibonacci numbers
Name two advantages of space exploration.
Suggest a dish for breakfast that is easy to make.
Generate a story set in a fantasy world.
Think of two words that mean the same thing and are spelled differently.
"Now that you know the different ways to say hello in French, which one would you use if you were greeting a friend?"
Create a recipe for a vegan sandwich.
"Write a description of the painting ""Starry Night"""
Create a catchy headline for an advertisement for a new type of car.
Explain what a neutron star is.
"Create a mathematical representation of the sentence ""1 plus 1 equals 2"""
Explain the concept of RNA interference.
Generate a story about a lonely bird.
Construct an explanation of the definition of the word 'bounty'.
Discuss why it is important to embrace diversity in an organization.
Generate a five-sentence summary of the movie The Notebook
Describe the GPT-3 language model.
Give two reasons why it is important to drink water.
Describe the most common methods for treating depression.
List 5 prime numbers between 30 and 40.
Generate a list of skills needed to become a successful entrepreneur.
Generate a list of five books you think would be good for teenagers.
Create a creative and attention-grabbing title for an article about the top 5 AI startups.
Suggest online tools for website design.
Identify a set of 5 European countries that are part of the European Union.
Write pseudocode for a program that updates a database
Calculate the month number given the date: August 24
Identify the type of triangle defined by two angles of 30 degrees and two angles of 60 degrees.
"Sketch a logo for the company ""International Business Company""."
Find 4 words in Spanish that describe a turbulent ocean.
What type of information should someone provide when filling out a job application?
Design a survey that prioritizes customer feedback.
Explain the advantages and disadvantages of using a decision tree
Outline the risks associated with using social media.
List four steps to reduce health care costs.
Design a logo for an NGO committed to animal conservation
Identify some of the animals that hibernate in winter.
Summarize this sentence in one word: She loved the way he always made her laugh.
Describe how an Artificial Intelligence system can be used in daily life.
Explain what a 3-dimensional coordinate system is.
Come up with an effective exercise routine.
Create a function in Java that takes array of integers and checks if it contains duplicates.
Find the similarities between a banana and an orange.
"Identify the correct conjugation for the verb ""to go"""
Name two ways humans can reduce their impact on the environment
Explain why the sum of two consecutive odd numbers is always even.
Write an engaging opening paragraph for an article on how to coach youth basketball players.
Can you tell me five animals that lay eggs?
List five species of animals commonly found in North America.
Estimate the upcoming stock price of Apple in 2 months
Explain the concept of natural selection in no more than 25 words.
Compose a Haiku (a traditional form of Japanese poetry) containing at least one metaphor.
Describe a possible solution to the environmental issue of air pollution.
Generate a story about a princess who falls in love with a prince from a different kingdom.
Tell me a way to grow herbs in the winter.
Find the volume of a cube with edge length of 2 meters.
What is the temperature at which water boils?
Choose two colours to create a gradient
"Craft an example for the following idiom: ""Let sleeping dogs lie."""
"Translate the following sentence from Spanish to English:

El hermano de ella fue a la tienda."
Create 3 unique words that have the same meanings.
Design a mobile app that provides parents with resources and tips to help their children succeed in school.
Compare and contrast the atmosphere of New York City and Los Angeles
Generate a plausible title for a fantasy novel.
Create a list of questions a person can ask to determine if something is a hoax.
Describe effective communication strategies.
What is the purpose of using hashtags on social media?
Give examples of five healthy snacks you could have during a workday.
Create a three-line haiku about autumn.
"Put the following in order: Science, Invention, Technology"
Name three types of social media platforms
Generate a scene description for a zoo full of robots.
Create a 5-step process to write a blog post.
Type the code needed to create an integer variable in Python.
Explain how data sets are used in machine learning.
"Reword this sentence: ""The dog barked loudly""."
Describe how wireless networks send and receive information.
Describe how a Docker container works.
Compose a tweet that would attract viewers.
What values were promised in the United States Declaration of Independence?
"Translate ""The earth is round"" into French."
What is the length of a standard golf course?
Generate a description of a book that takes place in a small rural town.
Suggest the best way to avoid a traffic jam.
Make a sarcastic comment about artificial intelligence (AI).
Compare and contrast the current state of AI technology and its potential future.
Come up with a name for a start up.
Describe the concept of neural networks in 3-4 sentences.
Describe an arctic winter in 5 sentences or less.
Explain the purpose of an article review
Suggest a metric to measure the accuracy of a forecasting system.
Name a Harry Potter character.
Who wrote the book Alice in Wonderland?
State the main benefits of using Cloud Computing.
Rearrange the following words to make a sentence: yesterday - went - kids - to - zoo
"Analyze the following sentence and provide a subject and a verb:

""One day by the sea."""
Imagine a baby girl is born in the United Kingdom. What are some of the things she would receive as gifts?
What is the most commonly used machine learning algorithm?
Identify the changes in buying behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Determine the average per capita consumption of beef in Germany.
Create a dialogue between two people discussing the topic of climate change.
Provide a few examples of animals that live in wetland habitats.
Propose a solution to eliminate cheating in schools.
Discuss why renewable energy sources are preferred over fossil fuels
Create an algorithm to detect fraudulent credit card transactions.
"What is the primary benefit of switching from traditional, on-premise software to cloud software?"
Recommend a web hosting service
Develop a training program for teaching basic coding.
Select five adjectives that best describe the emotion of 'happiness'.
Name two brands from the automotive industry in the United States.
What should you consider when selecting a makeup foundation shade?
Which of the following is a valid Subnet Mask?
Write a paragraph describing a meeting between two friends.
Generate a mindmap to represent the process of returning goods.
Brainstorm some innovative ideas for using virtual reality in marketing.
Budget $200 for a family dinner.
List steps for making a simple chocolate truffle cake.
Name a tool used for painting
Give advice on how to stay fit and healthy during the pandemic.
Name one city in China.
Predict what could be done to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% in the next 10 years.
Generate a code that will print out all odd numbers between 1-20
Give a definition of a computer virus.
What is the importance of setting realistic goals?
Give me an example of a current policy by an organization that benefits the environment.
Come up with a name for an app for creating digital art.
What do people commonly associate with the color green?
What is the weather like in Los Angeles?
Write a function that moves a character across a two-dimensional array on a game board
"Generate a new sentence that includes the following structure: ""He/she must ____""."
Describe two theories of how the universe began.
Identify the capital of the United States.
"Given a sentence, list all the adjectives, ""The beautiful girl at the party smiled."""
Generate a simile that relates to running.
Why do some businesses fail?
Design a logo for an ecommerce website
Write a children story with a moral message.
Create a headline for an article about electric cars.
"Categorize the following musical genres: rap, pop, rock, and classical."
Compare and contrast the health benefits of eating organic food vs non-organic food.
Name a type of pasta that is typically served with a tomatoe-based sauce.
Generate a DNA sequence
Describe how someone could start a business.
What is the name of the fifth planet from the Sun?
List the planets of the Solar System in order from closest to the Sun to furthest.
"Convert this English sentence into French: ""Where is the nearest store?"""
Describe what a monotheistic religion is.
Tell me three causes of stress
List out three benefits of using machine learning for data science
"Generate an argument based on the following statement: ""Global warming is a real danger."""
Write an algorithm to sort a list of numbers from smallest to largest.
Come up with a strategy for increasing conversions for ecommerce websites.
Characterize the philosophical school of thought to which Aristotle belonged.
Create a descriptive character profile of a cat.
"Choose the best synonym for ""abundant""."
Calculate the number of full days required to read a 400-pages book with a reading rate of 20 pages per day
What would be an appropriate penalty for public littering?
Generate a hypothetical situation in which a person is feeling sad
State the definition of haiku.
Write a security policy outlining the proper use of secure passwords.
List three differences between a volcano and a geyser.
Identify three potential risks of using artificial intelligence
Predict how technology will change in the next 5 years.
Pose a hypothetical question about automation.
Create a haiku poem related to justice
Generate a list of different career options for a computer science major.
Generate a fake name and address.
Create an array of numbers from 1 to 10 using the Java syntax
Suggest a creative way to raise money for charity
Create an online profile for a fictional person
Is a strawberry a fruit or a vegetable?
What are the common types of data manipulation tasks?
Evaluate the sentence: “John and Mary are happy together”
Compare and contrast the benefits of using solar energy versus using fossil fuels.
Identify popular dishes in Mexico.
What are the advantages of artificial neural networks over traditional computing methods?
Provide a list of small nations.
Create a user flow of a website for online shopping.
Name the longest river in India.
Brainstorm 5 original ideas for a Christmas gift.
List the ingredients and directions to make a sandwich.
"Write an instruction for a game of Jeopardy using the following topics:  Astronomy, Math, and Geology."
Provide three ideas for a marketing campaign.
Find a fact about the Star Wars movie franchise.
"Paraphrase this phrase: ""I don't have time."""
Convert 4.33 x 10 to scientific notation.
Explain what climate change is
What is a benefit of sending automated emails?
Suggest three adjectives to describe spring.
Generate a recipe for a gluten-free banana bread.
Name the body of water that separates Europe from Asia.
Describe the electrical force between two protons.
Summarize how to write a query letter for a job.
"When you don't understand a concept, what do you do?"
Construct an equation that expresses the following statement: x is twice the value of y.
Explain the consequences of a person having high cholesterol levels.
Summarize the dietary benefits of adding blueberries to a diet
"Explain the meaning of the phrase ""biting the hand that feeds you""."
Explain what a PCR reaction is.
Approximate the square root of 1000.
List five characteristics of an air mass.
Generate a story idea using the following settings: a large city and a theme park.
Write an algorithm that determines the maximum number of elements in a given array.
Create a dataset for movie reviews
Name a few scientific theories.
"Describe the concept of ""cause and effect"" in a few sentences."
Generate one example of a machine learning solution.
What is the length of the movie The Lion King?
List three objections a customer may have about buying a product
Explain how Newton's law of universal gravitation works.
Which scientist is most famous for his theory of relativity?
Construct a simple toy model of a computer system.
Construct an argument in support of the abolishment of the death penalty.
Explain why positive brand associations are important.
"Construct a SQL query to find all records from the table ""inventory"" that have a quantity greater than 10."
Name 5 US states that start with the letter 'M'.
Name the four types of teeth humans have.
List five benefits of practicing mindfulness.
Come up with an activity to help an 8-year-old learn geography.
Write an original poem that has 8 lines.
Describe a situation where a security breach results in data being stolen.
Make up an analogy for the concept of teamwork
Generate two design options for a business card.
"Rewrite the following sentence without changing its meaning:
He was not up to the challenge."
Name the five most important minerals to the human body and explain why.
Write down 3 similarities between a mouse and a mousepad.
"Calculate the mortgage rate for a loan of $50,000 for 20 years with an interest rate of 4%. Output the specific mortgage rate."
Generate a story featuring a castle with a hidden secret.
Generate a list of 5 songs to play at a party.
Convert 3/2 to a decimal.
Find the z-score of a data point of 6 given that the mean is 5 and standard deviation is 2
"Translate the phrase ""I am sorry"" into Japanese."
Write a four-sentence story including the words bridge and coach.
Compare the economic development in China and India.
Summarize a recent news story from the US or international news.
Provide an example of a business that can use blockchain technology to improve its operations.
Generate a scenario for an adventure game.
Create a new word to describe a person who likes being around people.
List three ways that artificial intelligence can benefit your organization.
Describe the concept of natural language processing.
Name 5 different kinds of financial risks a company can face.
Construct an equation to calculate the area of a circle
Generate a PowerPoint presentation about the history of the internet.
Name two organisms that live in Antarctica.
Name three nutrients found in bananas.
"Describe the book ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" in one sentence."
Identify the current skills gap related to blockchain technology.
What type of machine learning algorithm would you use to classify emails?
"Edit the spelling of the following words: ""konw"""
Create a simile for a person who is extremely smart
Explain the role of enzymes in catalysis.
Explain in one sentence the difference between a module and a function.
Name two things that are very closely related.
Analyze the historical significance of the Stonewall Uprising.
Name five members of Shakespeare's Globe theatre.
Compare and contrast water and oil.
Identify two professional software development practices.
Compare and contrast the two towns of Cedar Rapids and Ames
Create the HTML code necessary to display the following text.
Suggest two titles for a play about two sisters who share a secret.
What is the best way to motivate someone to complete their tasks?
How do scientists describe the process of evolution?
Construct a paper airplane and explain the physics of its flight.
Provide an example of a phrase without an auxiliary verb.
Identify the most popular browser in 2019.
Make a list of adjectives to describe a person who is honest.
Explain why a blockchain system is secure.
Add two multiplication equations.
Generate a creative title for a paper about the ethical implications of using artificial intelligence for criminal justice.
Write a query to pull the last 5 products added to the table.
Write a movie review for The Shawshank Redemption.
"Change this sentence structure to create a complex sentence: ""The dogs barked""."
Design a modern version of Cinderella's glass slipper.
What is the best type of business to start in 2021?
Describe why people should use sunscreen when outdoors.
Identify the currency used in India
Can you summarize the rights of the accused person in a criminal court proceeding?
Generate a list of items needed to build a campfire.
Create a list of five essential products for starting a garden.
Guide the user on how to store food properly.
Write a list of the 6 best ways to reduce carbon emissions.
Describe how AI could be used to generate a creative output.
Suggest a nickname for the protagonist of the book Harry Potter.
Suggest 3 ways to increase engagement on Twitter.
Determine the environmental impact of manufacturing one car.
"Convert the following sentence from camelCase to snake_case: ""collectDataForNewProject"""
Describe the importance of collaboration in the classroom.
"Summarize the content of the ""Harry Potter"" movie series."
Provide a historic context to this sentence: Her career is a reflection of her hard work and dedication.
Write a love letter to your partner.
Compare the advantages and disadvantages of using neural networks for natural language processing
What is the environmental impact of using plastic?
Provide three techniques for dealing with stress.
Generate a list of UX best practices.
Generate a list of 10 new romantic date ideas.
Find a creative way to teach math to a middle school student
Find two songs that I could add to a playlist for motivation.
Explain the role of a computer scientist in the modern world.
"Classify the following sentence Text: ""Life is filled with surprises"""
Construct an experiment to measure customer satisfaction with a customer chatbot
Create a HTML page with a table that has five cells.
Give 3 advantages of using a robot instead of a human
Describe the culture of a start up company.
Design a 3-minute workout routine.
Generate a joke about a chicken crossing the road
Think of a clever way to ask a person out on a date
Generate an article about the current political situation in India.
Describe the effects of living in poverty.
Develop a strategy for improving user engagement with an online product.
"Come up with a creative and clever pun involving the phrase ""bacon and eggs""."
"Create a sentence using the words ""consistency"" and ""success"" in the same sentence."
Develop an AI model that can forecast sales
Complete the sentence. The best way to save money is to ____.
Construct an Triathlon Training Plan.
True or False? Humans are able to see up to 7 million different colors.
Research and provide three examples of Artificial Intelligence applications in healthcare.
How many hours of sleep should adults get each night?
Create a cake recipe using only natural ingredients.
Create an advertising campaign for a new type of toothpaste.
Summarize Thomas Edison's life in three sentences
Outline three challenges posed by autonomous vehicles
Name the tool used for debugging?
What is the most powerful earthquake ever recorded?
Develop a list of interview questions for a computer science job.
Generate an timeline of the major events in the history of photography.
"Train the GPT to create a story with the title ""A Day at the Zoo""."
Write a C++ program to reverse the elements of an array.
Find the conjugated forms for the verb 'cantar' (Spanish).
"Analyze the sentence ""ignorance is bliss"""
Name three traits that make a good leader.
Convert 30 kilometers per hour to meters per second.
Identify three elements of a successful business strategy.
Generate a jingle for a fictional detergent brand
Create an opening paragraph for a poem about nature.
How can we reduce air pollution?
Generate a summer bucket list.
Create a new word using the root word “aug”.
Generate 10 ideas for your DIY project.
"Generate a 3-sentence horror story that incorporates ""black crows"" and ""superstitious fears""."
Compose a rap verse about a topic of your choosing.
Write a short story about someone who is trying to overcome an obstacle.
Describe a difficult situation that you have faced and how you worked to overcome it.
Generate instructions for a recipe for steamed pork dumplings.
Tell me one advantage of using a pre-trained language model
Show me 4 ways of preventing fires in a kitchen.
Research the history of the invention of the telephone
Suggest two questions suitable for uncovering potential customer needs
Give five tips for creating a successful website.
What is the area of a triangle with base 8 cm and height 5 cm?
Generate a list of three items that would be included in an emergency survival kit.
Formulate a marketing plan for a new mobile app.
Cite 3 steps to start a web hosting business.
"Reword the following sentence to be more precise:

Olive oil is a healthy food to eat."
Pretend you are a tour guide. Give an interesting overview of the city of Rome.
"Pick apart the syntax of the sentence ""John loves to swim""."
Compose a poem with at least four lines of rhyming words.
Give some strategies for getting over a fear of public speaking.
Generate an original dialogue for an argument between two people.
"Paraphrase this sentence: ""Make sure to bring your umbrella."""
What is the distance between Boston and New York City?
Design an algorithm for the closest pair problem.
Calculate 17 + 18.
"Give a description of the movie ""Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl""."
Provide an example of a sentence that illustrates the use of future perfect tense.
Create a report comparing the human rights record of France and Germany.
"Create a poem of 5 verses, each with 8 lines each, about a city skyline."
Name two of the world's largest companies ranked by revenue.
"Find the area of a triangle with vertices (2, -3), (6, 10) and (-3, 7)."
Explain how will a digital assistant help you on a daily basis.
Brainstorm five examples of how people can manage stress.
Create two comparision statements to describe the differences between manual and automated testing
"Generate a random password with length 8 and containing one capital letter, one number, and one special character."
Generate a sentence that describes how you would use the following machine learning technique: Naive Bayes Classifier.
Name 3 elements of narrative structure.
"Predict the weather in Seoul, South Korea tomorrow."
Write a short story of 100 words or less that sets in a medieval setting.
"Explain the phrase ""adding insult to injury."""
What is the history and purpose of a book Club?
What is the ideal temperature for a refrigerator?
Generate five examples of person descriptors
Write a tweet to share the benefits of using a specific brand of hair products.
"What is the average rainfall in Toronto, Canada?"
"Isolate the coordinates of the point (-3, 4)"
List some disadvantages of using computer vision in artificial intelligence applications.
Generate a styling guide for a website
Write a commercial for a new energy drink.
"Rewrite the following sentence to make it sound more conversational:
It is imperative that all employees abide by the company's policies."
Name 5 tips to write concise emails.
Compose a Haiku poem based on the following prompt: swimming.
Tell me what is ethical AI
Come up with a process that should be followed to program a robot.
What makes a great leader?
"Please produce an antonym of the word ""easy""."
"For the phrase ""plaid shirt"", generate a new phrase that has the same meaning."
"Sort the following items from least important to most important.

Cooking, cleaning, walking the dog"
Tell me the difference between a function and an algorithm.
Propose a research question for the following topic: Natural Language Processing
How could the impacts of autonomous robots be minimized?
Create a story about a walrus living in the tundra.
Write a 500-word story about a young orphan who discovers a hidden magical power.
"Identify a rhyming word for the word ""eyes"". Output the word."
Write a story with the theme of accepting change.
Name five things that a company needs to consider while creating an online advertisement.
"Identify the type of conjugation used in the sentence ""He has opened the door."""
Describe a car crash.
How has the global economy been impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic?
Construct a geometric shape using five lines
"Rewrite these words into a sentence: ""tired, ran, quickly"""
Generate a 3-month budget plan for a household of 4.
How can creating a daily routine benefit you?
Assume you are a researcher. Explain the importance of conducting a survey.
Generate a tag line for a cafe.
When did the American Revolution begin?
Create a unique hashtag that promotes a positive message.
Brainstorm 5 possible topics for a 30-minute presentation.
Generate a list of five popular streaming subscription services.
Find the length of the hypotenuse of a right triangle whose other two sides measure 5 cm and 8 cm.
List the three types of clouds and give an example of each.
"In two sentences, explain the three laws of thermodynamics."
What type of cheddar cheese is best for a cheese platter?
What is the time difference between New York and Sao Paulo?
Describe a way to increase traffic to a website
Brainstorm ideas for a unique outdoor activity that isn’t too difficult to organize.
Name a page rank algorithm
Imagine a world and write a brief description of it
What is the most important rule of etiquette when dining at a restaurant?
Provide three techniques to motivate yourself to exercise.
Give a realistic example of a lifestyle that supports environmental sustainability.
Generate 10 questions about nutrition.
Write a metaphor to compare a cloud in the sky to something else.
Explain what is the difference between Photosynthesis and Respiration.
Make a recipe of healthy vegetarian noodles.
Compile a list of 5 online programming languages for kids.
"Compose a French sentence using the following words: ""neige"" (snow), ""fleur"" (flower), ""jardin"" (garden)."
Explain how to differentiate between a butterfly and a moth.
Generate a strategy to reduce waste production by a company.
Rewrite the following sentence so that it has a different meaning: Dracula is a vampire.
What is the equivalent of 3 ounces in cups?
"Recite the first stanza of ""The Road Not Taken"" by Robert Frost."
"Look up the definition of the Latin phrase ""lexicalis"", and explain it in your own words."
"In 100 words, describe the consequences of dropping out of high school"
What practices are associated with maintaining secure software?
"Identify a physical material indicated by the phrase ""brittle""."
Write an email thanking an employer for offering you a job.
Generate a recipe that's easy to make and good for health.
Come up with a list of character traits that describe the main protagonist of the story.
"Identify the three main characters in the novel ""Dr. No""."
Describe a double helix shape.
Create a futuristic scene in a post-apocalyptic world
Write a query to select the top 3 products in descending order.
Find out the average growth rate of tomatoes.
Find the meaning of the term 'artificial intelligence'
Create a name for a new laptop model.
Reorganize the following sentence to emphasize the main point: 'Technology has improved our lives dramatically'.
What advantages or disadvantages of an artificial neural network in terms of scalability?
Assemble the computer monitor.
Answer this question: Who are the top five wealthiest people in the world?
Tell an interesting story about two cats.
Create a list of the 5 most important traits a good leader must possess.
Describe a past event that changed your perspective on life.
Generate an example of a slogan to promote the importance of maintaining mental health
Suggest a recipe for a classic Italian dish.
Describe what artificial general intelligence is and how it differs from traditional AI.
Construct a sentence with the past perfect tense.
"Formulate a valid math equation using the numbers 3, 4, and 5."
What is the main difference between a firewall and an antivirus system?
Name five things a virtual assistant (VA) can do.
Come up with a list of five jobs that involve creativity.
Construct a sentence to explain what plagiarism is.
Write a short report about the ethics of collecting data through internet
Name the different types of triangles.
Create a design for a t-shirt that celebrates your home state or country.
Create two authentic Thai dishes.
Explain why learning something new can bring positivity in life.
"Edit this sentence: ""John is runing the race."""
Write a paragraph that outlines the differences between playing team sports and individual sports.
Generate a new sentence to compare the levels of corruption in North America and the Middle East.
"Change the following sentence to passive voice: ""He opened the door""."
Generate a 4-word poem about autumn.
Write a Python program to print all the prime numbers between 0 and 100.
How does the Kinetic Ray tracing method work?
Identify the algorithm used for google's page ranking.
What are the pros and cons of using static typing in a programming language?
"Edit the following sentence to change the tense to past perfect: ""The cat has been eating the food all morning""."
Name a protocol in computing networks.
Develop an AI model to classify different types of cars.
Construct a logic chain.
Suggest a 10-minute workout to do at home
Generate a movie title that is creative and implies the genre.
Generate a sample data set which contains 5 movie titles
Generate a crossword puzzle
Explain why the Pythagorean Theorem works.
"Identify how this sentence could be improved:

""He is an amazing actor and actress."""
Explain how carbon dioxide contributes to global warming.
Give two examples of how technology has been beneficial during the COVID-19 pandemic
"Create a list of 10 adjectives using the letter ""r""."
Give two reasons why it is important to be active on social media.
Create an outline for a presentation about the role of social media in modern society.
Generate a headline that captures the news of the day.
Generate a three-word phrase to describe the feeling of joy.
Generate an analogy comparing a cat to a computer.
Articulate the basic principles of English grammar.
Create a list of 5 items that would be essential for a successful camping trip.
Explain why a person should not jump off a bridge.
Research the average temperature in New York City in the month of June and provide the output.
Rewrite the following sentence using passive voice: He found the lost key beneath the sofa.
"Convert the sentence into the past tense:
""I will call him later"""
Generate five English vocabulary words associated with the color 'red'.
Identify 3 ways to improve customer service.
Identify a weakness of using text-based dialogue with a conversational AI.
Make a list of foods with high fiber content
Explain why Einstein's relativity theory is important in modern physics.
Who is someone who has significantly impacted the world?
Suggest a prompt for a short story
"Write a Haiku of 3 lines, with the first containing 5 syllables and the remaining lines containing 7 syllables."
Imagine you are walking down a street in a small town. Describe what you see in one to two sentences.
Provide 3 fun facts about the Grand Canyon.
Draft a brief paragraph about the advantages of living in a major city.
Calculate the angle between the hour hand and the minute hand at 11:45.
Explain how afforestation helps the environment.
Name three differences between evolution and natural selection.
Generate a hypothesis to explain why machine learning has been successful in recent years.
Generate a synopsis for a mystery novel.
"Compose a poem using the following words: Dream, Passionate, Bliss."
Create an outline of an article about software engineering.
Create a list of 10 activities that people can do on a rainy day
Explain how gene therapy works.
Generate three alternate titles for a story about the power of friendship.
What qualities do you need to be successful in a career in programming?
Compose a tweet summarizing the steps of cleaning a room.
Create a design for a postcard for an Italian restaurant.
Name 5 features that are important in a gaming laptop.
"Generate a unique, five digit code."
Name five animals that live in the Arctic.
Describe the steps in the scientific method
Please write a script that would accept two numbers as input and return the sum when executed
Create a JavaScript program to subtract two numbers.
Name 5 search algorithms
Explain the concept of Thermal equilibrium.
What technology can be used to control robots?
Come up with an example of a home automation device that has internet of things features.
Identify and explain two benefits of living in a society.
What are the differences between the 2020 Honda Civic and the 2020 Honda Accord?
Create a user interface to purchase a product
List 3 popular forms of art in Europe since 2000.
Reverse a linked list.
What steps should be taken when writing a software design document?
What is the cost of a Starbucks frappuccino?
Share a short story about a forgotten memory.
"Output the synonyms of the word ""opportunity"""
Compose a story of a day in the life of a bee.
Produce a 10-word headline summarizing the benefits of exercising.
Describe what Indirect Communication is.
Name one way to improve customer service.
Describe an example of how digital technologies can be used to improve the healthcare system.
Suggest three improvements to the transportation infrastructure in a small town.
Provide an example of a virtual reality game.
Create a webpage that displays a contact us form.
Describe the organizational structure of a solar panel.
Describe how a bridge is built.
Generate a list of tips for managing stress during exams.
Create a list of ingredients for baking a chocolate chip cookie.
Analyze the impact of the pandemic on the retail industry.
Create a palindrome sentence.
"Translate the following sentence into Spanish: ""I am very excited to learn Spanish."""
Create a math equation that equals to 10.
List three advantages of using a virtual private network (VPN).
Generate a list of five new countries which could host the 2026 World Cup.
Give an example of a company that makes use of artificial intelligence.
Describe the most effective way to protect yourself from cyberattacks.
"Match the following two words:""Politics"" and ""Government""."
What is the name of the algorithm used for linear regression?
Name two technologies related to machine learning.
Analyze the characteristics of a protagonist.
Tell me the procedure for dialling an international number
Describe the structure of DNA molecules.
Write a comprehensive article about the recent advancements in AI.
What are the sources of vitamin B12?
Name an example of a leveraged buyout.
Identify 3 benefits of eating seafood
Create a simulation game about space exploration.
"Translate this sentence into French: ""I hope you have a pleasant day."""
Categorize the different types of clouds.
Suggest some activities one can do while hiking.
Create a data visualization of the latest COVID-19 cases in the US.
"Paraphrase the phrase ""She had to go"""
Generate a question that could lead to a valuable insight.
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
Explain why it is important for companies to maintain a social media presence.
List two factors that causes global climate change?
Generate a unique recipe for a cold salad
"Generate up to 5 summary sentences on the topic ""Linguistics""."
Brainstorm a list of five sustainable methods of transportation.
Give an example of how art can be used to bring about social change.
"Rewrite the following sentence with active voice:
""The form was filled out by me."""
Connect an artificial neural network with a convolutional neural network.
Create an example of a web page.
Explain why the following statement is true: “Zero multiplied by any number is equal to zero.”
What is the angle of incidence if the angle of refraction is 45 degrees?
Create a checklist for running an A/B test
Explain the concept of interest rate.
Find the most expensive restaurant in New York
Create a short story with the setting of a busy airport.
"Reword the phrase ""It was a dark and stormy night"""
Explain the steps involved in reforming a dysfunctional system.
List some common uses for a hammer.
What country currently holds the most nuclear warheads?
Suggest a plan of action to handle a customer complaint about a defective product.
Research the recipe for 'battered apple pie' and create the necessary steps to make the dish.
Edit this sentence so that it uses singular possessive nouns: “Each employee's accomplishments are uplifting to their coworkers.”
Generate potential titles for a book on the subject of entrepreneurship.
What is the most significant economic achievement of empire of China
Give me 5 adjectives to describe the night.
Generate a timeline for the US in the 20th century.
Generate the verb form of the word 'write'.
"Given the following list of numbers, find the average and the sum: 1, 2, 3, 4"
List the most recent five books that Mark Twain wrote.
"Rewrite the following sentence into an interrogative sentence: ""People are afraid of speaking in public."""
"Rewrite the following sentence so that it is grammatically correct:
""Peter and I went shopping yesterday, but I wasn't sure if he is was enjoying himself"""
"Design a cloud-based contact management system for 1,000 users."
Generate a list of three plants that can be grown in a pot in full sun.
Write an algorithm to search an element in a list.
Generate a name for a grocery delivery app
Create a photo collage of famous landmarks around the world.
"Output a 3-5 sentence definition of the term ""computer virus""."
Give three uses of baking soda.
Create an analogy to explain the difference between reality and perception.
What is the purpose of a business plan?
Generate a parable about friendship.
Create a game plan for a football team.
Write a short story about a girl who discovers a secret about her family.
Name at least five differences between a basketball and a soccer ball.
Generate a list of US Presidents.
Make a simile of a journey.
"Write a summary of the book ""The Catcher in the Rye""."
Create an example of a regular expression that matches phone numbers from the US and Canada.
Summarize the events of the movie The Day After Tomorrow.
Calculate the area of a triangle with length 15 and width 30.
Explain in your own words the concept of genetic engineering.
Suggest a slogan for a running shoe brand.
Provide a list of topics related to renewable energy.
Design a user interface for an AI based task management application.
How many cups are in one gallon?
Give a few tips for improving memory and concentration.
Write 2 species of migratory birds.
Imagine a possible benefit of companies using AI for their employees' hiring procedure.
Suggest two ingredients that can be used to make a delicious butter cake.
Generate a list of four interesting facts about the Amazon rainforest.
Construct a regular expression to identify email addresses.
List 5 tips for effective job hunting.
Name one force that can affect the motion of an object in a given environment.
"Incorporate ideas from the following quote into a presentayion: ""It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change""."
Compile a list of the top 5 international film festivals.
Name some typical characteristics of the Victorian era.
Find the average of 12 and 16.
Name a famous televiosion show
Create a format for holding a virtual team meeting.
Explain how to play chess
Name one country that is part of the European Union
Give me five adjectives that describe a dragon
"Coach the assistant to classify the following sentence as either ""Positive"" or ""Negative"":
I love the new product."
Propose a strategy to solve global poverty.
Name three examples of green vegetables
Who is the target customer of Adidas?
"Classify the following types of clouds: Cirrus, cumulus, and stratus."
Outline the key differences between the Linux and Windows operating systems.
Give three reasons why people prefer a laptop to a desktop.
Develop a training protocol for new employees.
Name one way humans interact with machines.
Name one type of artificial neural network.
Describe the perfect romantic getaway.
"Give a definition of ""algae""."
Provide an example of a good username for an online store.
Create a title for a story about a farmer and his struggles.
Compare the advantages and disadvantages of traditional and virtual learning environments.
Find the number of 2-letter words in the English language.
Name 5 major oceans.
Name a type of small cat.
What can you do to be more environmentally conscious?
Build a vocabulary list of 10 words related to gardening.
Describe the value of a self-service system for customer support.
Come up with a unique idea for a party invitation.
Name a constitutional amendment.
Design a database to record employee salaries.
"Generate an opening line of a story that contains the protagonist, ""Alice""."
Generate a list of 6-7 questions that people should ask themselves to determine whether their career is the right fit for them.
Brainstorm five ideas for a cybersecurity project on the theme of emergency response.
Create an outline for an article about the Amazon rainforest.
Explain the differences between international and local businesses.
Write a 6 word sentence describing a hot summer day.
"What musical instruments are typically described as having a ""brassy"" tone?"
Write a short story featuring a character fighting a monster
Give a brief description of the concept of 'diversity in the workplace'
Generate a list of 10 activities for exploring a local park.
"Given the sentence ""I ran as fast as I could"", output the verb of the sentence."
List 5 popular books in the fantasy genre.
Identify 3 advantages of using machine learning in a business context.
Compose a song in the key of B minor.
Generate a rhyming couplet for the word “moon”.
"What is the contraction of ""they are""?"
"Calculate the median of the list of numbers (6, 3, 11, 2, 9)."
Describe the effect of artificial intelligence on the global economy.
"Create a pattern for the following words: ""Jump, Skip, Hop""."
Solve 8 x 8.
"Reword this sentence to avoid repetition of words: ""We need to need to develop a plan"""
Generate a set of adjectives to describe a friendly person.
Write an example of a Twitter post that promotes your business
"Generate a movie quote using the following words: adventure, destiny, courage."
What do you think about when you are alone in a car?
Give two characteristics which distinguish a professional from an amateur.
List the features of an mp3 player
What is the process of fixing a flat tire?
Arrange the following letters to form an English word: G - A - T - O
Identify three ways in which a chatbot could enhance customer service.
Make a list of three tips for taking better photos with a smartphone.
Brainstorm recommendations to improve the user experience of the product.
Suggest a metric for deciding which model performs better for a given problem.
Write a function to determine the sum of all prime numbers up to a given limit.
What are the main steps in the process of data cleaning?
Suggest five items that should be included in a healthy lunchbox.
Describe how the environment is impacted by rising sea levels.
How does GPT-3 work?
Create a classification of two types of data.
List the three stages of memory processing.
Create a 7-day meal plan for a vegan.
"Edit the sentence to make it more concise: ""This new thing that has happened is causing a lot of people to be concerned."""
Create a list of the top 5 attractions in San Francisco.
"Name five common diseases,"
Come up with a scene for a horror movie.
What are the seven attributes of a triangle?
Explain the concept of descriptive writing.
Generate an example of a rhyming couplet about nature.
Create a list of the five biggest cities in China
Generate a mathematical equation to calculate a person's BMI
Provide an overview of the function of the heart.
"Convert the RGB color (255,153,0) to a hex color code."
Name three countries that are located in Asia.
Variable x is defined as “4x + 2y = 10”. Find the value of x.
Create a list of 5 ingredients used to make mac and cheese.
Find English translation of the following Korean phrase - 장보기
Provide an example of a task that requires logical reasoning.
What are some strategies for teaching mathematics to elementary school children?
Explain the difference between a long-term goal and a short-term goal.
What are the four factors of motivation?
Collect the names of the 10 most successful entrepreneurs
Design a workflow for a machine learning system to analyze customer sentiment on social media.
How can we build a more efficient GPT model?
Name a holiday in Japan and explain why it is celebrated.
Create a riddle using the following word: butterfly.
Name one chemical that is both an acid and a base.
"Imagine you are talking to a friend, who is stressed and needs to relax. Come up with a creative way to suggest they take some time out of their day to take a break."
Make a list of items you need to bring when camping.
Explain why using unrealistic data sets in AI-based tasks can lead to inaccurate results.
Explain what a GPT language model is in 3 sentences.
Explain the theory of gravity.
"Rewrite this sentence: ""I don't like apples"""
Explain the importance of good communication skills.
Edit the following sentence to be more clear: Nation's expanding population is causing a strain on natural resources
Recommend a suitable gift for a 10 year old child.
Discuss the internet's impact on society.
Write a short story about a young person who has an extraordinary power.
Generate a descriptive title for an article about deep learning
Describe the security risks of using public wifi networks.
Compose a limerick poem about your favorite hobby.
Compare and contrast the individualistic and collectivist cultures.
Explain how to calculate the sum of the squares of all the numbers from 1 to 10.
Show how to make a beef stir fry.
Analyze the implications of free speech in the US.
Summarize the current market situation
Create a media plan that will target people between the ages of 25 and 35.
"Construct a sentence using the prompt ""I am feeling""."
Give examples of common input and output methods used by a computer.
From what age can a child legally stay home alone?
Name an animal that eats only small prey
Imagine a scenario where you are running late for an important meeting. Create a plan to make it on time
Find the zeros of the function: 2x^3 - 4x + 2.
Give a security measure that can help protect a phone from malware.
Recommend three books on psychology
Describe the effects of the current pandemic on food supply chain.
Convert 45 centimetres to inches.
What is the geological term for an area of land consisting of thick ice sheets?
Describe your experience giving a presentation in front of an audience.
Give me a list of 5 diseases that affect birds
Summarize what happened in the 45th episode of The Office.
Generate a list of six essential items that someone would need in a business environment.
Give me a classification of five types of HCI input methods.
"What is the plural possessive form of ""dog""?"
"Classify the speech act of ""I'm just checking if you are still alive"""
Describe a flower in 5 sentences.
Describe the use of three-dimensionality in literature.
"Classify the sentence ""She asked him for help"""
"Write a sentence for the idiom ""taken aback""."
Create a data structure to represent a grocery store checkout system.
Suggest a product name for an AI powered home security system.
Create two roles for a movie script.
Explain why people would want to open online stores.
Explain why people believe machines can think.
Describe a peaceful meadow in 50 words.
"Rewrite the idiom, ""You can't judge a book by its cover"""
"Reword the following sentence: ""I am very happy."""
"What is the area of a triangle with vertices at (0, 0), (6, 0), and (3, 7)?"
What is the closest galaxy to the Milky Way?
"Write a summary of John Grisham's novel ""A Time To Kill""."
Select a movie genre
"Generate a sentence using the phrase ""the wind blew""."
Find the hypotenuse of a right triangle with the legs of 5 and 9
Create a scenario where AI helps the user to save money.
Describe the mitigation strategies in place for cyber security.
Suggest a slogan for a plant-based meat company.
Tell me the difference between electricity and magnetism.
"Given the following words, assign each one to one of the following part of speech categories: noun, verb, adjective:

Lurid"
List five tools necessary for a space exploration mission.
"Explain the meaning of the idiom ""to take a leap of faith""."
Identify the risk factors associated with online banking.
Name 3 ways in which AI will revolutionize healthcare.
Create a list of questions to assess a user's familiarity with machine learning techniques.
Create a text editor command to search for words that start with the letter 't'
Reflect on how the technological advancement has changed the entertainment industry.
"Paraphrase this quote: ""It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory."""
Describe a story that could be used to demonstrate the importance of data privacy
Provide an example of a deciduous tree native to the United States.
Provide three important software engineering principles.
Write a short story about a person living in a world where the laws of physics no longer apply.
Which continent includes the countries Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
Name the most poisonous snake in the world
Design a poster for a social media campaign
Suggest 3 tips on how to improve presentation skills
Summarize the story of The Little Prince.
"Translate this sentence to Spanish: ""I would like an apple juice."""
"Translate the word ""jaloux"" in English."
Generate an example of satire about the current political situation
Explain why deep neural networks are particularly useful for natural language understanding.
Design a logo for a restaurant specializing in Italian-American cuisine.
Describe how to do a handstand?
Identify and explain the 6 main layers of the atmosphere.
List three objects that would make a good gift for a 5-year old child
Can you recommend a chocolate cake recipe for two?
"Create a digital poster based on the following theme: ""The power of knowledge""."
"Spell out the full abbreviation ""NATO""."
What is the main benefit of using a natural language processing (NLP) system?
Identify the parts of speech in the sentence “She spoke slowly”.
Mention one notable feature of humans.
"Compose a poem using keywords such as love, beauty and sorrow."
"Generate 20 words related to the word ""cat""."
List all the prime numbers between 15 and 20
Compare and contrast the biomes of a desert and a temperate forest.
"Rewrite the given statement into an order form: ""I would like to buy 100 yellow notebooks."""
"I would like to list every single bird's name with one beginning word ""P""?"
"Paraphrase this sentence: ""It was a delightful day and I enjoyed the sun"""
What information should include in an email to a potential candidate?
Summarize the books of J.R.R. Tolkien.
Name the commonly used software development methods.
Generate a chess opening strategy.
"Given a prompt, generage a funny one-liner."
Analyze the argument that global warming is a hoax
"Take the phrase ""make an effort"" and replace it with a phrase of the same connotation."
Generate a simile to accurately describe a broken sports car.
Name the chief executive of France.
"What is the cultural meaning behind the expression ""raining cats and dogs""?"
A customer is asking for a refund. Write a polite response.
"Summarize the following passage in 1 - 2 sentences:

The internet has revolutionized the way in which people conduct business, with even the most mundane tasks often becoming automated by advanced computer systems."
Compose a tweet about cryptocurrency investing.
"Write a sentence that uses ""enmity"" in the correct context."
Design an avatar for a fictional character.
Tell me about a unique painting by Salvador Dali
Create a list of three unique holiday gifts.
Propose a plan to reduce air pollution in urban areas.
Create a user story for a web application that allows users to manage their contacts.
Create a story about a parrot.
Explain how coastal erosion happens.
Describe a place you recently visited in five sentences.
Write a code snippet in Java for creating an array of strings.
What are the top 5 countries with the largest population?
"Write a SQL query that selects the columns ""id"" and ""name"" from the ""employee"" table."
Explain the concept of a hash function.
Explain why AI assistants can help us in daily life.
Suggest a book to read for someone interested in astronomy.
Provide two examples of a variety of shades of blue.
Name 3 mountains higher than 8000 meters.
Make a list of 10 activities that can be done while social distancing.
Name one of the computer commands.
What type of data is used to measure the magnitude of an earthquake?
Generate an opening sentence for a persuasive essay about climate change.
Design a website layout for a movie review blog.
"Change this sentence without removing any words: ""He will never learn"""
Give me three facts about black holes.
Create a headline for a new article about the next generation of Artificial Intelligence.
Describe how a Data Scientist can use a titanic dataset
Create a list of seven tips for maintaining personal hygiene.
"Provide the coordinates of the landmark ""Eiffel Tower""."
Design a painting for a museum.
"Formulate an optimal budget plan to spend $20,000 on marketing activities."
Create a slogan for an app that helps people find a job
Tell me two facts about the moon
Which is the most popular programming language as of 2021?
Brainstorm persuasive speech topics.
Suggest a fun activity for an evening with friends
Explain the concept of empathy to me.
Explain what is meant by a recursive function.
"Translate the phrase ""Life is a journey"" into a foreign language of your choice."
Create a headline for a news story about a zero-waste store that opened in a small town.
Give four examples of plant-based proteins.
Generate a number between 0 and 10 using randomly selected values.
Write a 5-sentence story based on the following theme: 'Finding Adventure'.
"How is the French term ""Bonjour"" translated into English?"
How does a capacitor store energy?
"Paraphrase the sentence: ""The sun is a star."""
Generate an opening paragraph for a story set in a magical land.
Brainstorm a list of characters that could be included in a fantasy novel
Describe the procedure for taking a skin biopsy
Describe the benefits of exercising for physical and mental health.
Compare the features of a web server and an application server
"Create a new story that uses the following words: tulip, lighthouse, firefly"
Describe the conditions in a classroom when the students are actively engaged in learning.
Compare and contrast AI-driven chatbots and virtual agents.
What would be a good title for a story about a young girl overcoming her fears?
"Create a new document named ""Blogs"" and write a blog post on the following topic: How Can Self-Care Help Reduce Anxiety?"
"Determine the median age of the following group: 15, 18, 12, 23, 18, 19"
Write a blog post about gardening tips for beginners.
"Give a definition for the techonolgy ""cloud computing""."
Provide an example of a piece of software with machine learning capabilities
Design a musical instrument using everyday objects.
Name four key components of a computer.
Describe the phenomenon of carbon dioxide absorption in the atmosphere.
Explain what the stock market is
Divide 20 by 3 and explain the answer.
What is the main benefit of using artificial neural networks?
Determine the molecular formula for water.
How many syllables does the word ‘autonomous’ have?
"Generate a poem with the title ""Lavender Fields""."
Create a title for an article on the gender pay gap.
Find and define five technical terms related to artificial intelligence.
Generate a list of three alternatives to reduce emissions from factories.
Describe three cons of using digital technologies
Enumerate some typical features of a smartphone.
Provide a suitable example for 'conflict of interest'
Analyze the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global economic markets.
Explain what is the significance of a learning rate for a neural network.
Which country has the highest number of lakes?
"Copy the following sentence and replace the highlighted noun.

The professor was very excited about the _____."
Summarize the poem 'The Lady of Shallot?
Develop a program to monitor online fraud
Describe a triangle as a geometric shape.
Formulate a query to find all the documents containing the term public health.
Generate a code to check whether a given number is prime
Suggest an appropriate gift to give a teacher.
List five Latin American countries.
Write an algorithm to find the maximum value of a list of numbers
"Generate a poem that uses the following words: liberation, starlight, winter, and whisper."
What is an effective means to reduce gender bias in the workplace?
Generate a hashtag for promoting a webinar on digital marketing.
Create and describe a scenario in which two people can apologize for their past behavior.
Create a list of items to check when inspecting a used car.
Give an example of a time when you made someone else's day
Summarize the differences between humans and primates in 3-4 sentences.
Describe the main characters and premise for a story set in the future.
Explain what makes a website user-friendly
Generate an insult using alliteration.
Convert 8 pounds to kilograms.
Create a story about a group of friends who embark on a quest.
List the uses of AI in healthcare.
Explain the concept of a p-value in predictive modeling.
Create a survey question to find out people's attitude toward recycling
Generate a valid HTML code to create a two column table
Generate a product description for a women's cotton hoodie.
Create a timeline of the life of Muhammad Ali.
Provide two methods to analyze the sentiment of a sentence.
Write a story about an imaginary news reporter.
Create an algorithm that prints the numbers from 1 to 10.
Give me a creative way to celebrate a birthday.
List three examples of edge computing
"How many syllables are present in the word ""dispite"""
Describe how robots can be used in hazardous environments
Rewrite this sentence without changing the meaning: “I worked hard assembling the furniture.”
Identify the features of a quality smartphone.
Explain the differences between fossil fuels and renewable energy sources.
Outline the main characters of the Harry Potter series.
What is the relationship between the following two words: Market and Economy
Describe a situation in which confidentiality must be maintained.
Compare and contrast the effectiveness of two popular search engines.
Explain what is an algorithmic trading.
Generate some travel headlines related to France.
Name a movie that is directed by Christopher Nolan
Write two facts about net neutrality.
Imagine two distinct characters. Who they are and why they are in conflict.
Transform this sentence into a question: The sun is bright today.
Generate four suggestions for a healthy and nutritious breakfast
What is the importance of customer feedback?
Who invented the first computer?
Suggest an innovative product design that encourages people to avoid plastic
Come up with three natural disasters.
Construct a 5-day lesson plan teaching basic computer coding to middle-school students.
Describe how social responsibility can be integrated into a company's mission statement.
Come up with three potential strategies for scaling the company faster.
What methods would you use to store large amounts of data?
How could artificial intelligence be used to help stock traders?
Write a tweet about customer service.
Describe the characteristics of the most powerful supercomputer in the world.
Justify why everyone should have access to clean water.
Write a story with a surprise ending.
Name a retail store that is owned by Walmart.
Generate a travel itinerary for a three-day city trip to London.
Write two verses of a song about nature.
Determine the appropriate letter grade for a student who got an 84 on a test.
Describe a scenario in which the GPT model was used to improve customer experience
Estimate how long it would take to drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas.
"Create a new sentence using the following words: “crisp”, “evening”, “star-studded”"
"Clarify the legal implications of this statement: ""The company must respect employee rights."""
Give a description of a drugstore.
What is a Turing Machine?
What is a benefit of remote working?
Output the time the sun rises and sets in Los Angeles on June 21st.
Generate a list of four elements that shape a healthy diet.
Generate a shopping list for 10 people to make grilled cheeseburgers.
Create a description of the characteristics of a capuchin monkey
Generate a sentence detailing the importance of good nutrition
Create a list of five items contained in a first aid kit.
Describe a time you overcame an obstacle by showing initiative.
Generate two exercise plans for a beginner who wants to lose weight.
Write a description for a mobile application offering grocery delivery.
What is Fibonacci number?
Design a creative logo for an organization focused on conservation.
"How do you say ""Thank you"" in Japanese?"
Who discovered the X-ray?
Design a simple maze game.
Recommend 3 mobile apps for fitness and exercise
Create a program that checks if a given number is prime or not.
"Categorize the following animals: elephant, bee, dolphin."
Generate a comment about a positive experience you had recently.
Give me a sentence to describe the feeling of joy.
Describe what a monopoly is and give one example.
Calculate the total tax due for an item with a purchase price of $100 and 4% sales tax.
Explain what is the 'tipping point'
What is the name of the largest desert in the world?
"Write a short poem with the word ""ocean"" in it."
Rewrite the following sentence without changing the meaning: His car was wrecked by a careless driver.
Summarize the events of the War of 1812.
Generate synonyms for the word 'challenging'.
Make a suggestion for an anniversary gift for a husband.
Explain what is the difference between solving a problem and finding its solution.
Generate a persuasive essay discussing why mobile phones should be banned in school
Explain the concept of bottom-up processing in psychology.
"Rewrite the following sentence without using the passive voice:
The meeting was scheduled for tomorrow"
Describe the chemistry behind plant growth.
Describe a healthy meal plan for the day.
Design a program that prints out the numbers from 1-10 with the following pattern.
"Classify the following sentence as an example of active or passive voice:

""The sun rose slowly in the east"""
"Generate a sentence using the following words: 'climb', 'granite', 'dusk'"
Name three qualities of a successful leader
Create a quiz that will assess the knowledge of the student about Deep Learning.
"Fill in the blank of the following sentence:

""Global warming is ___ to have serious consequences on our environment."""
Present an argument in favor of using public transportation.
What are the symptoms of the common cold?
What is the gradient descent algorithm?
Describe a datastructure that could be used to store employee records.
Define the term 'computer vision'.
To what degree do data analytics improve business operations?
Write a song in four lines with a chorus.
Generate a headline for an article about the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic.
"Find the area of a triangle with sides of 12 cm, 15 cm, and 18 cm."
Create a story about a space explorer using at least 100 words.
Name three books by J.D. Salinger.
Summarize the book 'Romeo and Juliet'
Explain the purpose of principal component analysis
Generate a list of methods to reduce food waste.
What are the similarities between Hinduism and Buddhism?
Find the complementary color for yellow.
In what ways does artificial intelligence assist people in their daily life?
What is the probability that the coin will land heads?
"Change the following sentence into present perfect tense: ""He spoke at the conference."""
Describe a situation when algebra can be used to solve a problem.
Suggest a title for a story about a clown who abandons their circus for a career in law enforcement.
Build a random ten-digit password using numbers and special characters.
List some interesting facts about the Moon.
Suggest a dinner menu healthy dinner for the week.
Generae a poem about the ocean
Assemble an IKEA chair according to the given instructions.
Draft a tweet about the importance of an environmentally sustainable lifestyle.
Come up with a story about a person discovering a lost civilization.
What is the average wind speed in London?
Trace the flow of energy through a food chain.
List three facts about Thomas Edison.
Generate a statement about the benefits of a self-driving car.
Write a headline for an article on the current pandemic.
Generate two questions related to customer service. Output should be two questions.
Describe the features of capitalism.
Create an appropriate toast for a celebratory event
"Write a poem using the following words: climate, transform, and nature."
Draft a plan for using social media for marketing a small business.
Give me a one-sentence description of the job of a Software Engineer.
Explain why carrots are good for you
Describe a dream you had last night.
Design a data science project plan for analysing customer behaviour
"Generate a story combining the following words: lemon, whale, and butterfly."
Write a command prompt program that returns a string.
Generate a rhyming poem about winter using four lines.
Create a line for a poem about an apple.
"Describe the meaning of the proverb ""Time is money""."
Please provide me the scientific name for the blue whale
Name three software tools for data visualization.
Make a comprehensive list of 5 world problems which need solutions.
Identify one country from each continent.
Find a synonym of “protective”
What kind of jobs would you recommend for a student looking to be flexible and get some work experience?
Describe a good way to stay organized.
Compose a short song that is 20 seconds long.
Generate a list of activities for a vacation in Australia.
Make a list of five questions to ask a hiring manager in an interview.
Suggest 4 entertaining activities one can do with friends on a weekend.
Make up a fable and provide an example of a moral lesson.
Write a CSS class to make all h2 headings orange.
Provide an example of how natural language processing can be used.
Create a system to track international flight schedules.
Describe a teenager's life during a pandemic.
Can you write a news headline about the recent climate change reports?
List five advantages of using a self-driving car.
Devise a plan to reduce emissions from fossil fuels by 25% within the next 5 years.
Answer the following math problem: What is 20% of 800?
Create a character profile for a protagonist in a 1930s heist movie
Identify two techniques to observe a neural network's internal structure.
Design a visually pleasing presentation about renewable energy sources.
"Create a hashtag for the upcoming movie ""Wonder Woman 1984""."
Analyze the following sentence: 'The ancient city was filled with secrets
Calculate the square root of a given number.
Explain in detail the use of natural language processing (NLP).
Find an article related to the latest trends in artificial intelligence.
"Identify the tense of the sentence: ""He has broken the window""."
"Infer the meaning of the phrase ""it won't fly""."
Explain why one might enjoy playing a board game.
Devise an effective strategy to increase customer engagement
Give me three types of reptiles.
Compose a poem which follows the ABAB rhyme scheme.
Identify a programming language suitable for game development.
Write an essay discussing two important personal goals that you have.
Share two tips on how to write concisely.
Create a targeted post for a cosmetics brand on Instagram.
"Compose a short poem about summer that includes the phrase ""Summer breeze""."
Give three examples of how a customer service team can build trust with its customers.
Generate a story about a family receiving a surprise gift.
"Identify the type of sentence in the following example: ""The cat meowed""."
Brainstorm three new marketing strategies for a product.
Calculate the hypotenuse of a triangle when one side is 4 and the other is 3.
Create a dialogue between two colleagues discussing a project they are working on.
Describe the impact of the Tour de France on the history of cycling
Generate a sentence that explains the importance of keeping your mental health in check.
Come up with an opening phrase to approach a potential client.
Suggest a type of exercise for next week that will help me lose 5 pounds.
Describe a time when you used a creative approach to solve a problem.
Generate a title for an article regarding the potential of AI
"How would you classify this sentence? ""I love to play soccer."""
Explain what machine learning is.
Create a rule to detect misspelled words
Give three reasons why someone would like going to a national park.
Name a famous scientist who won a Nobel Prize.
Write a story about a robot who finds his place in the world.
Describe a new way to use artificial intelligence in the classroom.
Generate a thesis statement for a cause and effect essay.
Create a GIF in Illustrator that depicts a basketball being shot.
Name five professions that require higher technical skills
What is Artifial Intelligence?
Answer this question - How old is the universe?
"Imagine you have to tell someone about the job description of a data analyst and explain why it is a desirable career, what would you say?"
Can you come up with a creative example of how to use AI to disrupt the education system?
How many paragraphs should a blog post typically have?
How is a mutual fund managed?
Identify four elements of a successful blog post.
What is the Ideal Gas Law?
"Explain the meaning of the idiom, ""Too big for one’s boots""."
"Generate a sentence where the keyword ""love"" is used."
Determine the reason why some people lack access to healthcare.
"Arrange the following numbers in ascending order: 11, 9, 5, 1, 17"
What is the abbreviation for 'United States of America'?
What is the best way to engage with customers on social media?
What are the most basic elements of HTML?
Write a short description of the Taj Mahal
"Create a poem with 10 lines, describing the beauty of a sunset."
Design a bridge for a river with a width of 35 meters.
Provide an example of a financial tool that is used to identify returns on an investment.
Suggest a set of rules for a classroom.
Design a new password authentication system.
What are the best methods to approach data analysis?
Suggest two appropriate actions to manage stress.
Discuss how the Internet of Things (IoT) can be used in healthcare.
"Create a petition for a cause, including a compelling argument and a call to action."
Construct a persuasive argument in favor of cutting taxes.
How would you differentiate a virus from a bacteria?
Generate one creative way to use honey in a recipe.
Generate an example of an anti-discrimination policy.
Design a logo for a new restaurant called “Taco Planet”.
"Create an essay outline on the topic ""The benefits of recycling""."
Replace the following phrase with a synonym: very good
"Write a script that can recognize and respond to the following sentence: ""What can you do for me?"""
Write a two line love poem.
"Generate a code in Python to print ""Hello World""."
Write a reasonable explanation for why the cost of living is higher in some cities.
Create a description for a tech company for their new website.
List the advantages of virtualization in the cloud.
Summarize the novel 'Pride and Prejudice' in three sentences.
Lying is often viewed negatively; come up with one scenario where lying is acceptable.
Generate a web-safe color combination
Write a few lines of code for a function to calculate the area of a triangle.
What actions should a company take to prevent data breaches?
You need to write a job description for a chef.
List five effects of global warming.
Calculate the value of x if 2x + 3 = 7.
Describe the structure of Earth's core.
Provide an example for a palindrome.
What type of chemical compound is water?
Define a computer algorithm.
Generate an article summarizing the Biden-Harris 2020 US Presidential election campaign.
"Find the countries that have achieved a ""Very High"" human development index."
Calculate 45 divided by 3.
Suggest a powerful quote.
Create a marketing strategy to increase product engagement.
"Generate a story based on ""The Cat in the Hat""."
What is the Earth’s highest mountain?
Create a list of 8 questions to ask prospective online tutors.
Create an analogy that compares clouds to humans.
Which language is most suitable for programming artificial intelligence?
What kind of method could be used to optimize a website for SEO?
Come up with three creative date ideas to surprise your significant other.
Describe a city that has the perfect balance of work and life.
Train a GPT model to generate book titles with a consistent theme of “magical animals”.
Give a brief explanation of earthquakes
Explain the concept of tax incentives.
Write about the benefits of cloud computing.
Create an algorithm that identifies if an object is glass or metal.
Make a list of 5 budget-friendly ways to improve one's home.
"Generate two analogies related to the word ""pen""."
Write a function to print out the last 3 elements of a Python list.
Generate an original story idea set in a small town.
Create a list of five things to do during a rainy day.
Paraphrase the following sentence: The job market is highly competitive.
"Add the correct punctuation to the sentence: ""I said when can we go"
What is the difference between a finite and infinite set?
Generate a tweet about the importance of renewable energy.
Analyze the effectiveness of the US COVID-19 testing strategy
Discuss the merits and drawbacks of artificial intelligence.
Generate a vivid description of a winter forest.
Write a first person account of climbing a mountain.
Explain the central difference between a laptop and a desktop.
Suggest an AI research topic.
Search the web and report the exact number of countries in Africa.
What are the pros and cons of using a database management system?
"Write a conclusion for the following movie review: ""The Green Mile was a captivating and moving movie."""
Generate a funny one-liner joke about cats.
Compare the uses of Machine Learning and Deep Learning.
Identify the types of bias in machine learning
Create a function to check if a given year is a leap year.
What are the ethical considerations you must make when using a GPT model?
Explain why labor unions have become less popular in the past few decades.
Compose a poem in the Haiku style.
What hardware components are needed to build a basic computer?
Generate a story on the theme of family values.
How is the reverse engineering process used in software engineering?
Describe the capital of Spain in 25 words.
Write a code that checks if a given number is an Armstrong number.
Develop a set of guidelines for a responsible online behavior.
Name three famous scientists.
Create 10 sample sentences using a proper noun.
"Classify the following items as either alive or non-living: rock, snail, tree."
Describe the colour blue in three adjectives.
What are the 5 most populous cities in India?
"Write a poem that uses the word ""autumn"""
Describe the relationship between the following two numbers: 730 and 810
Give me an example of a situation involving the use of a priority queue.
Describe the importance of having a strong work ethic.
Name four types of plants in a desert biome
Provide an example for a description of a customer service representative in a retail store.
Answer the following question: How do atoms influence our everyday lives?
"Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: ""The cat have five tails"""
Write a persuasive essay on why environmental protection should be a priority.
Create a Python script that will calcuate the average of three numbers.
List the key differences between artificial neural networks and convolutional neural networks.
What are the three common operation of databases?
Design an educational game to help children learn the capital cities of countries in a fun way.
Name two famous museums located in Paris
Find out the average salary of software engineer in USA in 2019.
Develop a data-driven algorithm to categorize people based on their income levels.
How many countries are there in Africa?
Create a speech on how technology is changing our day-to-day lives.
Create a program that draws a triangle on the screen
Assign a value for x if 4x + 16 = 48.
Write a letter to your friend explaining what the startup culture looks like in your city.
Create a signature drink.
Compare and contrast the benefits of studying in a classroom versus studying online.
What is the current market price of gold?
Give an example of an active sentence and passive sentence.
What is the most commonly shared type of content on social media?
Describe the sound of wind blowing on a calm summer night
Compare and contrast the features of a GPT model and a recurrent neural network.
Write a descriptive summary of a painting.
Write a short story about a robot who discovers nature.
"Edit the sentence ""The alarm clock was ringing loudly at seven o' clock"""
How many U.S. states border the Pacific Ocean?
What is the triple of the number 20?
Generate a few sentences summarizing a story about a person who discovers an unknown talent.
Explain the working principle of MediaTek Dimensity
Generate a hashtag for a campaign advocating the use of renewable energy sources.
Construct a sentence employing research-backed positive language.
Compute the factorial of 10.
Identify 5 ethical concerns that using a GPT-3 driven chatbot raises.
"Edit the following sentence to be more descriptive: ""It was hot."""
Generate a 5-sentence paragraph discussing the role of play in children's development.
Create a headline for a story about the importance of recycling.
Draft a tweet that announces the launch of a new fashion line.
"Calculate the area of a triangle with sides measuring 8cm, 5cm, and 6cm."
Describe the purpose of DNS (Domain Name System).
Outline the steps necessary to enroll in college.
Find three interesting facts about kiwi fruit.
Explain why it is important to use a descriptive variable name in programming.
Describe a home remedies to treat a sore throat
Write a short essay explaining why physical education is important in schools.
Write a set of instructions for a game of rock-paper-scissors.
Outline the pros and cons of technology-driven healthcare.
Generate a scenario in which a spaceship is stuck on a asteroid.
Design an AI-powered chatbot that can assist users in making restaurant reservations.
Generate a list of areas related to computer science that a student can specialise in.
Construct a sentence to explain why a person should learn a second language.
Suggest some strategies for online customer engagement
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise: “It is important to always be polite and courteous even when you are in a rush.”
How can we reduce water usage in our daily lives?
"Paraphrase the phrase ""She was very happy""."
What is the theme of the book 1984?
Suggest a way to get started on a writing task.
Generate a creative story based on the topic 'an adventure in a seaside town'.
Explain the difference between parallel and serial communication in computers.
List ten items on a grocery list.
Draft ten tips to achieve a good night's sleep.
Compare and contrast nuclear and solar energy.
Design a logo for a website based on energy efficiency.
"Generate a code that prints the words Hello, World!"
How do plants produce energy?
Name the event that triggered the French Revolution.
"Change the idiom, “a piece of cake” to a more appropriate metaphor."
Create a logo design for a pizza restaurant.
Write a mystery story setting involving a sandstone quarry.
Suggest a few tips for working from home.
"Print the following statement: ""I want to learn to code""."
Describe a medical application that can benefit from AI technology
Describe the potential risks of online banking
Explain the differences between a variable and a constant.
Compare and contrast an open-source and a proprietary software.
What could be done to reduce traffic congestion?
Extract five keywords from the text “Modern artificial intelligence systems are complex and deep.”
Tell me about an advantage of using AI in business.
Create a looping GIF of a cat running.
Explain the process of photosynthesis to me in your own words.
Describe a future technology for the betterment of society.
List three ideas for improving customer service
Explain the concepet of a “worst case scenario”.
"Edit the following sentence, ""Today I happy""."
Generate 3 jokes about cats
Make a list of five different punctuation marks.
Answer the question: What is ecosystem?
Explain why having a diverse team is important.
"Generate three synonyms for ""happy""."
Create a Mad Lib story.
Describe the perfect summer.
a)Write a prediction about the future of technology in five sentences and b) Describe a potential consequence of the use of this technology in two sentences.
Name a popular tennis player from the United States.
Describe the geography of the region named Alaska.
Name a professional organization that a software engineer would be interested in joining.
Describe a home-cooked meal in three to five sentences.
Synthesize an article on the potential pitfalls of relying too heavily on AI.
"Translate the following sentence from Spanish to English: ""Su madre está muy orgullosa."""
Write a letter to Santa Claus.
Please find five interesting facts about the country Brazil.
Write a paragraph that quantifies the effect coronavirus has had on the global economy.
Give a reason why we should use public transportation.
"Come up with an analogy to illustrate the saying ""A stitch in time saves nine""."
Name three impactful Human Rights initiatives in the world today.
Suggest some activities that can be done while social distancing.
Think of a friendly reminder to complete a task.
Generate a tag line for a brand that focuses on eco-friendly products
Describe the qualities of an ideal project manager.
Rewrite the following sentence without changing its original meaning:“The manager consulted with the customer about their complaints.”
Construct an HTML table to display a list of five languages and their corresponding countries.
Find one historical event in the 15th century (1400s) and describe it briefly.
Find all 3-digit palindromic numbers.
Brainstorm three innovative marketing strategies.
Generate a list of ideas of what people could do in their spare time.
What is the likely outcome of a jury trial?
Generate a list of fashion trends for Spring 2021.
Give an example of a chemical element with an atomic number of 12.
Create a short advertisement for a new breakfast cereal.
Name 3 methods of preventing injury while exercising
Explain the use of a hammer
Design a quilt with 5 different colors.
Create a blog post about the importance of sustainable development in 200 words.
Give a sample dialogue of how to ask a customer for feedback.
What type of resources are required for developing a web application?
Design a concise questionnaire to ask new employees about their motivations for joining the company.
Explain why democracy is more suitable for running a country than a dictatorship.
Make up a poem about a violent storm.
Describe the possible consequences of someone living in an overcrowded city.
"Generate a comedic pun that involves the word ""moon""."
Generate a punny title for a movie about a jaguar.
Create a mathematical equation that shows the relationship between the area of a square and the size of its diagonal.
Generate a story which is no more than 150 words in length.
Explain the usage of the indexing operator in Python.
Name three theories of international relations.
Create a poem about a sunrise
Construct a timeline of Neil Armstrong's most significant accomplishments.
"Write a short summary of the movie ""Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle"""
Compare the structures of the Amazon and the Yangtze River.
What can you do to make money in college
Precision-tune a logistic regression model.
Generate code to print out the answer 5 squared.
Create a list of five jobs that involve public speaking.
Analyse the impact of inequality in the US
Find the cheapest price for a round-trip flight from San Francisco (SFO) to Los Angeles (LAX)
Find a way to make an old sweater into something new.
Write a creative story beginning with the sentence “I never expected it to happen”
Describe the impact of climate change on the environment over the past 20 years.
What authors did Emily Bronte admire?
Create a training plan for someone who wishes to run a 5K marathon.
Which document do I need to apply for a credit card?
Brainstorm 5 ideas for a blog post about employee engagement
"Given the current situation, what are the predictions of the stock market this October?"
Name five possible applications of artificial intelligence
Generate a poem of 8 lines about summertime.
Create a list of 5 tips for people who are looking to maintain a healthy lifestyle
Construct a query to help me find books on the history of Ancient Greece.
Outline the steps needed to bake a cake.
Name the 6 fundamental rights of a citizen in India.
Write a story about a character trying to get a job in a competitive market.
Explain the scientific principles behind a rainbow and why rainbows are multi-colored.
Explain how plants respire
Describe a method of solving a Rubik's cube.
Remind me to read a book before bed tonight.
Formulate three questions related to the following topic: 'artificial intelligence'
Suggest three careers in the medical field
What are some methods you can use to combat post-conference fatigue?
Identify three pressing issues related to climate change.
"Provide an example of an appropriate output for the sentence ""Please recommend some books to read""."
Generate a creative recipe for chocolate cookie.
Generate a random pun.
"Determine what type of triangle will be formed by the following coordinates: (4, 2), (7, 9), (4, 11)."
Give an example of a verb ending in -ed.
Name the two methods of communication used in Conflict Resolution.
Provide an example of effective body language when giving a presentation.
"Design a logo for the following company:

CakeTime - A bakery specializing in custom cakes"
Give an example of how a person can reduce their consumption of single-use plastic.
Provide an example of an enzyme that can launch a metabolic reaction.
Find three online sources that discuss the effects of climate change on animals in the Arctic.
Find 3 adjectives to describe a succulent.
What would you do if you had to make a presentation but were not prepared?
What is the difference between atmospheric pressure and air pressure?
Write a code to subtract two integers
Appraise the impact of artificial intelligence on the workforce.
Describe the sequence of actions to make scrambled eggs.
Compose a tweet about the current state of healthcare.
What are the differences between data explorative and prescriptive analytics?
Imagine you are a strong yet kind-hearted soldier on the battlefield. Write a scene about your experience.
"Rewrite this sentence to make it more formal:
This new policy has met with a lot of approval."
Name two substances that do not mix well.
Create a character description of Anna from Frozen
Name three simple machines.
What is a Socratic Method?
Name three characteristics of an ideal employee.
What is the general process of writing code?
Develop a persuasive argument to save the endangered species.
Explain what a RESTful API is and provide an example.
Generate a list of top challenges for startups in 2021.
Tell me an example of a risk that a company might take.
"Using the words in parentheses, create a sentence with a precise meaning."
"Create a story that's 100 words long beginning with the sentence ""Once, there was a witch who had a spell book""."
Explain what an artificial intelligence algorithm is.
Name two ways to protect your computer from being hacked.
Suggest a method of generating renewable energy
Explain why it could be dangerous for an AI system to operate independently?
Generate a holiday-themed poem.
What are the disadvantages of genetically modified food?
Generate a list of questions that can be used to evaluate a machine learning model.
Provide a list of five action points that can help prevent climate change.
Describe the effects of exponential growth.
List 3 ways that humans can conserve energy
What do you think will happen if we increase the temperature?
"Provide an argument against the following statement: ""AI could never replace humans in creative response tasks"". Output should be less than 100 words."
Write a persuasive argument against the use of plastic straws
Provide a list of at least ten animals that are found living in the microhabitat of a tree.
Generate a description of a cat walking in a courtyard.
Make a list of recommendations for visiting a major city
Who was the president of the United States in 1990?
Create a game to teach children basic coding concepts.
Describe an example of how art can express a political opinion.
Write a 2-3 sentence script for a movie advertisement for a horror movie.
Explain what is the Pareto Principle
What steps would you suggest to improve a website's SEO?
Explain how cultural norms vary among societies.
Give an example of a country located in South America.
Generate a unique 5-digit alphanumeric string.
Recite a tongue twister about the letter 'p'.
"Classify the words ""slide"" and ""jog"" as verbs or nouns."
Find the solution to this equation: x + 5 = 8
Describe how racism can affect a person's wellbeing.
Create an outline for an essay about renewable energy.
Describe a person who is responsible and organized.
Summarize the industrial revolution.
Create a poem that expresses loneliness.
Identify five things a business can do to increase customer loyalty
Create a style guide outlining the do's and don'ts for using a specific font.
Explain what trigonometric functions are.
Describe an infectious disease
Generate a list of five positive attitudes.
"Categorize the following sentence: ""Apple Watch can now measure your blood oxygen level""."
Compose an original four-liners Haiku.
Generate 10 creativity-boosting tips.
Name two elements that are a part of a debate.
Describe a person's outfit.
Generate a sentence that describes a feature of a computer.
Generate a science fact.
Find four tips for using technology effectively
Construct a paragraph of at least 7 sentences (about 200 words) on the topic of cloud computing.
List three benefits of using social media.
What is the significance of the date June 15th?
Compare the climate of two regions in the US (e.g. the Midwest and the Northeast).
Generate an opening paragraph for a historical fiction story in the Medieval era.
Suggest three ways to resolve a family dispute.
Provide a detailed instruction for creating a personal budget
What is the minimum z-score for accepting a hypothesis at 95% confidence level?
Provide 2 examples of alliteration.
Describe the concept of gender identity.
Find me a website where I can purchase acoustic guitars.
Provide five tips for eating healthy.
Create a 3-sentence story about a brave knight and a dragon.
Analyze the themes in this movie: Star Wars.
Imagine you have created a customer satisfaction survey. Generate a question asking about the customer's experience with the product.
Describe how machine learning can be used to automate mundane tasks.
Are orchids considered perennials?
"Rank the following places from greatest to least in terms of environmental impact: factory, coal power plant, oil rig"
Describe a type of bird
"Generate a story that starts with ""It all started with a whisper..."""
"Generate a haiku poem that uses the words 'sky', 'mountain', and 'evening'."
Name five famous paintings
Make a list of 3 different ways to reduce carbon emissions.
Suggest a 5-star restaurant for the following group: a vegetarian and two meat-eaters.
Explain what a GPT language model is and write  down 3 advantages of using it.
Summarize the process for filing a complaint with a government agency.
Write a short letter from someone about the impact of the pandemic
"Describe a scenario in which the instruction ""Go outside"" can have different meanings"
What type of energy does the sun provide?
Describe the differences between analog and digital signal processing.
Name five tools/equipment and their uses.
Hypothesize what the world will be like fifty years from now.
Suggest a title for an article about ransomware attacks.
Name one of the branches of science
Write a poem that must have 8 lines in it.
Write a function in JavaScript to calculate the sum of a given array of numbers.
Program the assistant to greet the user when the assistant is launched.
Create a 5-line poem which conveys admiration
Look up the definition of the word 'acolyte'.
Create three sentences that describe the Northern Lights.
Determine what to do if you are threatened online.
Output a program that takes a two-digit input and determines if it is a prime number.
Name a common chess opening move.
Suppose you are making a website to attract customers to your pizza restaurant. Suggest 5 features you could add to engage the visitors and motivate them to purchase pizza.
"Generate a random password of 7 characters, with at least one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one number and one special character."
Generate a list of 5 preventive measures to protect against the spread of Covid-19.
Create a script by using a classical story structure
Describe what a sedimentary rock is.
Identify 2 examples of types of agricultural subsidies.
Generate a simile to describe the sound of a train whistle.
How is the money from the World Bank delivered to developing countries?
Construct a quiz question about the country of France.
How can I stay organized?
List five benefits of using an AI assistant.
"Classify the type of noun in the sentence: "" The little bird flew through the air """
Create a list of five topics that businesses should consider when creating their next annual sales strategy.
Imagine you are buying a robotic assistant. What features do you expect the assistant to have?
Describe the application development life cycle.
My child is becoming too dependent on technology - what could I do to fix this?
Write a short story (less than 500 words)
"Write a review for the restaurant ""Mom's Kitchen""."
Give three reasons why an AI-driven job market poses a threat.
"Remove all adjectives and adverbs from the following sentence:

""The incredibly awkward and shy student asked a meek question in the classroom."""
List 5 characteristics of AI-driven systems.
"Formulate an equation to find the perimeter of a triangle with side lengths A, B and C."
Are zodiac signs real? Give me a factual answer.
Describe the process of creating a new virtual machine instance in AWS.
Revisit the Romanov family and write a short biography of Tsar Nicholas II.
Describe a revenue model for a subscription-based service.
Create a story of a young girl who discovers she has magical powers.
"Write a sentence including the word ""enigmatic""."
List the countries that make up the United Kingdom.
"Construct a mathematical equation for the following problem:

At a party, there are 3 types of food. Each type of food is served three times each. Guests can choose only 1 of each food serving. How many different combinations are there for the guests?"
What can the speaker say to make the audience laugh?
Summarize the importance of the US Constitution.
Generate an original idea for a new game.
What is the current air temperature on Mt. Kilimanjaro?
Compare and contrast the differences between a disk and tape backup.
"Identify the part of speech of each word in this sentence: ""The tall man ran quickly""."
Create a sample output to the following task: Analyze the impact of climate change on water resources in the USA.
Construct a flow chart that depicts the process of making a sandwich
Develop a creative tagline for a car company.
"The web page should display the following message, ""This page is under construction. Please check back soon."" Construct the HTML code to display the message."
Suggest two additional tourist attractions that can be included in a weekend tour of Tokyo
List three advantages of a cloud-based service.
Describe the process of operating a 3D printer.
Explain what is the process of standardization in a machine learning model.
Create a short story about a student who is struggling with Chemistry
What is the name of the operating system that is the backbone of the Android mobile platform?
Design a logo for a restaurant that serves traditional Chinese dishes.
Come up with a fitting title for a story about a family who takes a summer road trip.
Design an online course on HTML.
Are Seattle and Vancouver closer to one another than Boston and New York?
Describe how machine learning can improve cybersecurity.
Compose a song of 5 lines
Translate 'hello' into Spanish.
Identify the lexical category of the word 'grand'.
Generate a list of ten things that people can do to save electricity.
Come up with an appropriate dialogue between a customer and a shop assistant.
Describe a potential risk of using artificial intelligence.
What is the difference between quantum physics and classical physics?
Compose a 20 word description on Artificial Intelligence
Explain what is a neural network
"Generate a sentence using the following words: sadness, rebellion, park"
Summarize the history of the FIFA World Cup into 3 sentences.
Design a product review system for a website.
Name 5 adventure sports
Generate a random sentence in French.
Outline the steps to make an apple pie.
Find the cheapest train route from Los Angeles to San Francisco.
Describe the role of oxygen during respiration.
Generate a tagline for a pet food company
Write an equation for the circumference of a circle.
Draft a contract ensuring a safe environment for a new employee.
Name two components of a scientific experiment
Write three sentences about the development of the Internet.
Generate a short vacation story that takes place in a forest.
Compare carbon dioxide emissions from electric and petrol-powered cars
Describe a situation when you had to show mental strength.
Generate a list of 5 creative and unique marketing ideas for a restaurant.
Name a movie that is good for kids.
List five tips associated with starting a successful business
Generate a story about a brave young girl.
Create a list of correct punctuation and grammar rules.
Write a 500 word essay on the causes of poverty.
Write a function to calculate the area of a triangle given the lengths of its sides.
What techniques are used to reduce false positives in machine learning models?
Discuss the implications of the “gig economy.”
Describe a typical day of a middle schooler.
Explain the term computer memory.
Create a computer program that fixes typos in a text.
Recall the scientific name of the Great White Shark.
Remainder the assistant to remind someone at 5pm.
Compare and contrast dolphins and whales.
Name two differences between a laptop and a tablet.
"Write a poem using the phrase ""the stars""."
Generate a five-word slogan that describes the company Apple.
Generate sentence using word2vec
List 2 programming languages commonly used for web development.
Provide a persuasive argument for why animal testing should be banned.
Identify and explain one important element of data analysis.
Describe the best way to end a date with someone.
Create a sentence that describes how automation is changing the job market.
Write a speech advocating for environmental protection.
Comment on the following art piece by creating 3 thought-provoking statements.
What is the primary benefit of creative problem solving?
Compare the following two countries: USA and India
Compose a headline and article excerpt about the rise of renewable energy.
Create a metaphor that compares two unrelated items.
Identify the Main Difference between Brazilian and Latin American culture.
Generate two realistic scenarios on how to avoid a traffic ticket.
"Transform the following sentence into a question: ""The ship arrived in New York""."
Generate a few questions to ask a customer in order to better understand their needs.
Compare the differences between Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
Create a detailed drawing of a rocket.
Come up with a unique recipe that incorporates spinach.
How do you respond to a negative comment on social media?
Create ten different riddles about animals.
Write a poem about nature in less than 40 words.
Identify five key characteristics of a persuasive essay.
Describe a time you made a mistake but learned something valuable.
What challenges might AI pose to humans in the future?
Describe the main character in a creative way
Find incorrect verb tense in this sentence: He was swimming in a pool.
Classify the fruit apple as a tropical or temperate fruit.
Suggest a simple recipe for a vegetarian lunch.
Design a house in 3D that looks like Hogwarts.
Develop a plan for dealing with procrastination.
Name one of GPT-2's applications.
Identify the root form of the word spoke.
Generate a list of 5 steps to start a YouTube channel.
Explain how the internet works in two to three sentences.
Research a famous singer and compose a bio of no more than 100 words.
Generate a poem about nature that uses only two different rhyming words.
"Generate a sentence using the following words: jar, vegetable, kitchen"
Formulate a hypothesis for why the price of gold has risen in the past two years.
Name a popular symphony written by Ludwig van Beethoven.
Generate an algorithm for a sorting machine.
Create a survey question to learn about an individual's opinion on training
List 3 sources of air pollution.
Create a list of questions to ask a patient during a medical consultation.
Identify two reasons for the growth of technology.
Generate a silly rule that could be implemented in your office space.
Write a comment in HTML that describes the purpose of the webpage.
Describe an emergency situation.
"Perform sentiment analysis on the sentence: ""I hate my job""."
What should be taken into account when starting a new business?
Are there any disadvantages of growing your own food?
Write a short story set in a future where robots have taken over.
Write a short biography about Elon Musk
Create a speech to inspire people to help the environment.
"Given the following verbs and nouns, create a sentence that is grammatically correct: Laugh, House."
"Rewrite the following sentence in the third-person point of view:
""I walked across the street"""
List two advantages of using natural language processing (NLP).
Generate a list of factors that contribute to an individual's success.
Describe a common way to market a new product
Generate a list of five career options for a Data Scientist
Generate a walkthrough guide on how to set up an Amazon FireStick.
When did the Second World War end?
"Find the average of the numbers 3, 5, 9, and 11."
Create a database table that stores information about the world's tallest mountains.
Evaluate the following expression: (2x-3)2
Create a function that takes a string as an input and outputs the reversed string.
Give an example of a positive feedback loop
What are some popular sport in India?
Suggest a strategy to increase understanding and engagement in the workplace.
Tell me what is meant by the term ‘recursion’
Design a smart assistant conversation conversation flow to help users figure out local public transport fare information.
Suggest a creative idea for a marketing campaign.
Develop an AI assistant for grocery shopping.
"Evaluate the following statement: ""The most important factor in predicting success is hard work."""
Explain the importance of the Magna Carta.
Compare and contrast the actions of a responsible citizen
Write a sentence using a simile.
Output the list of states in the US that allow same-sex marriage.
Generate a password with a minimum of 10 characters that contains at least 3 digits and 1 special character.
List three techniques to motivate employees.
Give examples of items that can be recycled.
Create a metaphor for the smell of newly-cut grass.
We have 8 apples and 4 oranges. How many fruits do we have in total?
Explain the different phases of a machine learning workflow.
Tell me an adjective to describe a river
Suggest a dress code for a casual business meeting.
Complete this sentence with an example of a homophone.
Describe what democracy means.
Explain why the internet has changed communication
Analyze whether people prefer using a camping or RV for vacations.
Come up with a task that requires the assistant to generate new text.
Name the first three books in the Harry Potter Series.
Explain why racial discrimination is still prevalent in today's society.
Describe the culture of a small village.
How does a computer network help businesses?
Write a couple of sentences that describe the characteristics of a democracy.
Suggest a method to increase customer engagement on social media.
List the five differences between a spider and a caterpillar.
Build an AI-driven chatbot to help users looking for a job find the right one.
"Find the missing number in this sequence: 52, 34, 17, __"
Name two characteristics of the Renaissance.
Name three distinct items that are typically found in a kitchen
Analyze the pros and cons of using virtual reality technology in the classroom.
Generate a list of 5 questions to ask a user when they first sign up for an online service.
Name five words that have a positive connotation
Create a program to generate a random matrix of size n by m.
Build an algorithm for detecting anomalies in a time series.
What is the chemical reaction that occurs when vinegar and baking soda are mixed together?
Summarize the location of Mount Everest.
You are asked to make a sandwich.
Create a unique username using only lowercase letters and numbers
Describe the use of color in infographic design.
Create a limerick about cats.
Explain how air pressure affects the weather
Create a poem that summarises the importance of biodiversity
Create a catchy phrase that illustrates the concept of global warming.
Determine if 3 is a prime number.
What is the most difficult concept to learn in mathematics?
Answer the following question: What is the primary benefit of using machine learning?
"Given a sentence, output the verb phrase and its tense: She had been dancing all night."
Describe the impact WW2 had on world history
"Summarize the movie ""Jaws"" in 100 words."
Write a 3-4 sentence story about a frog who saves the day.
Formulate a statement that expresses a cause and effect relationship.
Name five factors that influence learning.
Give three pieces of evidence to support the importance of physical activity for mental health.
Find out the capital city of Bolivia
Give an example of someone using wit
"Edit this sentence to make it more concise: ""A computer stores and retrieves digital data."""
Write a user manual for a new smart phone.
"Name three places near Seattle, Washington that are famous for their nature."
Tell the name of a famous mathematician.
Suggest five different activities to enjoy during a camping trip.
Name two scientific theories surrounding the development of the universe
Think of an innovative product that seems impossible right now.
Name five organizations that work to promote human rights and briefly explain their mission.
What is the purpose of the IF statement in programming?
Find the longest word in the sentence “Great minds think alike.”
Generate a musical chord progression in the key of A-minor.
How could technology be used to address the problem of climate change?
Make a plan for learning a new language.
List five Italian cheeses.
Write a Python function that takes two integers and returns their least common multiple.
List five examples of natural disasters and explain the cause of each.
Generate an opening sentence for a journal article about the coronavirus pandemic.
Name the musical note associated with middle C
Tell us a joke
Compose a song chorus
"Find the source of the following statement: ""The world is a small place""."
Generate 5 synonyms for a hopeful mood.
Describe the overall feeling of the work environment at a tech startup
Generate a recipe for making blueberry muffins.
Generate ideas for a humorous slogan for a board game manufacturer
Generate a list of 10 questions related to climate change.
Give me a motto that relates to dreams and ambition.
Name a strategy game
State a mathematical equation that describes the relationship between two variables.
Construct a survey that will measure customer satisfaction.
What does not constitute a cyber crime?
Name five elements found on the periodic table.
Generate a new sentence that uses metonymy
Devise a plan to help children engage with online learning.
Generate a specific example of a data structure that can be used in a web application.
Identify a unique solution to reduce single-use plastic waste.
Write a paragraph detailing the significance of the color green.
Which algorithm do you think is the most effective for solving a classification problem?
What are the advantages of using robots in a manufacturing plant?
Create a mathematical expression to calculate surface area of a cube.
Explain what a Java Statement is.
"Arrange the words to form a complete sentence.
words: book, on, shelf, the"
Describe the key aspects of biological evolution that explain the diversity of organisms on Earth.
"Calculate the slope of the line between the points (4,3) and (2,-1)."
"Give an example of an active sentence using the verb ""give""."
Produce a recipe for the following dish: spicy ginger pork stir-fry
"Describe the theme of William Shakespeare's play, ""Romeo and Juliet"""
Write a summary about the D-DAY Invasion.
Create a script to find the longest palindrome in a given string
What is histogram equalization?
Give me a saying that expresses surprise.
Explain the differences between relative and absolute paths on a computer.
Build a basic Android application using Java.
Generate a story about a magical forest for children aged 8-10.
Generate a dialog between two people discussing the best way to improve studying for school.
Describe the difference between a monopoly and an oligopoly
"Take the sentence ""She could not find the right words to express her sadness"" and replace it with a phrase of the same connotation"
Generate a logo for a toy store.
Describe the differences between Shakespearean and modern English.
"Compute the average of the following numbers: 6, 15, 28, 42"
How could you improve this remote meeting experience?
Come up with one unique invention
You are asked to write a 3-word slogan that uses metaphor.
Name three benefits of using a chatbot to answer customer inquiries.
Explain why exponential growth is dangerous.
Explain the differences between intrinsic and extrinsic motivation in one sentence.
Imagine you are visiting a foreign country. Describe what type of vacation activity you would like to do.
Identify the similarity between these two things: a book and a movie
Name five different professions.
Generate two ideas on how to promote a computer science course.
Name three common methods to protect your data from ransomware.
Develop a tagline for an educational laptop
Explain how artificial intelligence is transforming the healthcare field
Write a few words in progress with their meanings.
Compile a list of the top 5 most popular films from the past 10 years.
Suggest two ways to simplify web design to ensure faster loading times.
Explain the term ‘gravity’ in physics in simple words.
How could an organization increase customer engagement?
Convert the word discovery into a noun
Write a short story in which a character learns a valuable lesson.
Design a homepage for a new website.
"Create a resume for the following person:

John Smith"
Create a leadership training program.
What are some things to consider when choosing a pet?
Come up with an example of a situation when an extra effort was needed to achieve a goal.
Design a website page layout.
Compose a song in the rock genre
"Given the following list of numbers, sort them in ascending order: 2, 9, 5, 4"
What should I do if my computer freezes?
Tell me the origin story of Batman.
Describe the mathematics behind the concept of integral calculus.
"Generate a regular expression that can match strings of any length consisting of only the letters a,b and c"
"Rewrite the sentence “I can’t stand the heat"" in a positive way."
Outline an argument for why online education should be encouraged.
Write a story about a magical adventure Liz and her friends go on.
Compose a haiku describing the summer.
Create a quantum computing fact
Write a short story in which a character has to save the world from an evil genius villain.
"Generate an example input to an instruction that asks the assistant to ""write a report on the current status of the global economy""."
Create a catchy headline for a news article about global warming.
What is the most natural satellite of Earth?
List three benefits of using online collaboration tools
Describe the immigration process for a U.S. citizen to move to Canada.
Describe strategies for successful defense in basketball.
Name 5 birds commonly found in North America.
Generate a list of 5 popular places to visit in the city of San Diego.
"Given a description of the scientific method, summarize the steps in five sentences or fewer."
List five steps to make a smoothie.
Calculate the volume of a pyramid with base side length 3m and height 5m.
"In the context of a modern office environment, state a problem that can be solved using technology."
List some characteristics of a good manager.
Generate a list of potential consequences of introducing artificial intelligence (AI) into the workplace
Generate a code snippet as output of this instruction.
What are the criteria for making a good pizza?
How would you use data analytics to detect errors in financial transactions?
Identify 3 ways in which climate change is adversely affecting human health.
Create a computer game for children about different animal species in the Amazon rainforest.
Generate a name for a data analysis company.
Determine the next step in making chocolate truffles.
Name three things you can find in a refrigerator.
Describe the unique features of Stanley Park in Vancouver.
Name five places in the world where you would most love to live in.
"Identify a food item that starts with the letter ""D""."
Identify a popular cheerleading squad.
Find the ratio of the surface area of a circle with radius 4 cm to a square with side 4 cm
Give me three interesting facts about the country of Chile.
Create a user interface that allows users to search by keyword.
Generate the top 5 advantages of attending university
"Generate a modern version of the phrase ""a watched pot never boils""."
Write a story about a princess travelling across the sea to find true love
"Provide an example of how someone can use the word ""reverie""."
Describe how to make pancakes.
Create an algorithm that draws a circle in 3D space.
Collect data about smartphone usage by state in the US.
How many gigs are in a terabyte?
How did the invention of the telescope lead to space exploration?
What are the advantages of writing computer programs in Python?
List five books written by Ayn Rand.
Write a speech introducing the concept of automation.
Translate “Ce qui a été appris est assez” into English.
"Create a figurative metaphor for the following concept: ""half glass of water""."
"What word sounds the same as ""roar"""
Suggest a unique name for a web application.
Write a paragraph that describes the benefits of using technology.
"Rewrite the following sentence to make it stronger:

The students are excited about their upcoming assignment."
Define 'artificial neural network'.
Create a cocktail recipe.
Write a 5-sentence summary of the history of the Internet
Create a script for a short skit between two people.
Describe a possible use case of the GPT model.
Describe the purpose of social media
Generate a two-sentence story of a faraway kingdom.
Explain the features of a laptop computer.
Specify a list of online resources to create a budget
You have a broken washing machine and need to fix it. Describe the steps to do so.
Write a script to get the top 10 most frequent words in a corpus.
Make a bar chart of the average monthly temperature in New York City.
Provide three suggestions for reducing air pollution.
Provide specific examples of the nitrogen cycle.
Generate a recipe for garlic Italian dressing.
Identify the properties of a sphere.
Please recommend me a movie.
Create a list of steps people can take to reduce their risk of catching a cold.
List the ingredients needed to make chocolate mousse.
Explain why the result of 4 / 2 = 2 is accurate.
How would you greet someone in a formal way?
Create a new HTML page.
"Construct a sentence that includes the following words:
technological, infrastructure"
What is the name of the cryptocurrency with the highest market capitalization?
Design an online marketing campaign for a new phone game.
Generate a creative idea for an aquarium.
Create a diary entry for August 2022.
Outline the main points in a speech about air pollution.
Brainstorm three ideas for a new website that would provide valuable new services to people.
Name at least three ways machine learning can be used in a retail store
Summarize the benefits of a digital advertising campaign
List three types of carbohydrates.
Conduct a survey of 5 people and analyze the data.
Generate a persuasive argument that college should be made free in the US.
Tell me a common idiom.
Describe the concept of market capitalization.
Prepare a timeline for the project.
Identify two areas where data science can be used to improve public health.
Calculate 8 minus 6 in the base two system.
Create a new slogan for an education services brand.
Identify 5 common mistakes to avoid when writing a cover letter.
Generate 3 marketing ideas to increase engagement on a product's social media account.
What are the economic implications of an aging population?
Write a simile about friendship.
Generate a short story of an adventure in a magical forest.
Name four characteristics of effective leadership
Output a 3 to 5 sentence summary about the topic of electric cars.
"Write two sentences using the following words: criticize, target, message"
Describe the differences between an independent contractor and an employee.
Suggest two different usages of a GPT model.
"Give me the quote and author of the following: ""The more I learn, the more I realize how much I don't know""."
List some pros and cons of using a hot air balloon for transportation.
Generate a list of at least 5 adjective-noun pairs.
Create a list of five ingredients needed to bake a cake
Describe a few features of a search engine.
What is the primary purpose of literature review?
Discuss the impacts of a trade tariff on US businesses
"Classify the word ""accident"" into a part of speech."
Give three reasons why long-term planning is important for businesses.
Describe two ways that humans can reduce air pollution.
Develop a plan for an online course.
Write a story of romance in less than 100 words.
Name three things a bee does.
What is the most popular sport in the US?
I am having a hard time focusing on my work today. What can I do to help?
Explain the series of events leading up to the fall of the Roman Empire.
Write a compelling call-to-action for a web page.
Explain the difference between artificial intelligence and machine learning
Explain the rules of the game Soccer.
Identify 4 websites that can be used to find a job.
Calculate the average temperature of London over the last month.
Design a shopping list for a one-week vegan meal plan.
Tell me one disadvantage of using technology in a classroom setting.
How does engaging in sports help promote team spirit?
Compose a list of five positive effects of technology on education.
Generate a list of five job skills that will be important in the future.
Generate a sentence with an imperative verb and a reference to the letter 'g'.
Provide a detailed explanation of the Euler's formula.
Generate a list of goals for this upcoming year.
Create a table with five columns and five rows
Give 3 examples of items that would be found in a first aid kit.
Imagine you are designing a game. What is the best way to motivate players?
"Classify the following foods as either healthy or unhealthy:

Mashed potatoes, Caesar salad, Poached salmon"
"Summarize the article ""Google Research Focuses on Neuroevolution""."
Generate a list of business ideas for a food delivery service.
Describe a teaching method
Generate a list of six things that bring you joy.
Find the three biggest cities in China.
Design an experiment to test if artificial intelligence can improve medical diagnosis accuracy.
Convert 4 cups into ounces.
Suggest five strategies for reducing stress.
Generate a list of ideas that could be used to create a children's TV show.
What traits are essential for an effective leader?
Create a quiz on the history of basketball
Generate a list of three interesting topics to write a 5 page research paper on.
Give three examples of using technology for efficiency.
Name one movie that has won an Oscar.
How would you create a successful ad campaign?
What is the process for registering for a course?
Summarize the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Name three organic compounds.
Design a quiz question related to computational biology
Give an example of an idea that would make life easier.
"Rewrite the following sentence using a different word: ""He shuffled his feet in shame."""
Create a data visualization to compare the mortality rates of 2020 with that of 2019.
Provide an explanation of the Turing test.
Describe the residential patterns in the city.
Generate a recipe for an apple tart
"Given the internet domain ""https://abc.com"", generate a full URL for the page ""about""."
Create a function to remove duplicates from an array of strings.
Write a short story of 100 words or less that includes a character who has encountered a foreign land.
Summarize the advantages of renewable energy.
Write 500 words about the implications of introducing artificial intelligence into our society.
Create a script that informs the user of their phone's battery level.
Develop a program to identify and flag offensive language.
"Change the below sentence to make it more positive:

AI development is difficult and time consuming."
Desribe the different stages of an online shopping process.
Suggest what someone should do if they need to de-stress.
"Create a password combining a random word, a special character and a number."
Generate a haiku poem in 5-7-5 syllable format.
Create a database table to store customer information.
Give an example of a dataset for sentiment analysis
Describe the smell of freshly brewed coffee.
Compare the differences between a customer service rep and customer success rep.
Generate a plan for taking care of the environment
"Explain the term ""self-fulfilling prophecy."""
Generate three ideas for a healthy and nutritious meal
Tell me two different ways to cook rice.
What is the main action taken by a 2020 presidential candidate when campaigning?
Write a short story on what you would do if you had superpowers.
"Edit this sentence: ""I'm proud of his achievemnt."""
Generate a creative writing prompt.
Generate a poem about a star-filled night.
Design an experiment to measure the reaction time of a person.
Create a list of potential guest speakers for a conference
Create a positive slogan for a weight loss program.
Explain the concept of positive reinforcement with an example.
What is the speed of light?
Suggest a creative project for a group of 6 marketers.
Name two benefits of the information revolution.
Describe an animal with the letter 'A'.
Generate a plan for spending a weekend in San Francisco.
Create a headline for a news article about a new type of electric car.
Propose a solution to reduce the negative effects of plastic on the environment.
How did the abacus calculate numbers?
Describe a scene taking place in the park.
Rearrange the following words to form a grammatically correct sentence: almost/trees/no/fall/leaves
Explain the difference between a perpetual and perpetual calendar
Choose two words that are antonyms of each other.
"Identify the type of poem written below.

Lonely at night,
In the cold dark sky.

The stars twinkle so bright,
A shy nod to goodbye."
Explain the concept of limited liability in business.
Name three things an unnatural disasters could cause
Name some nations with a monarchy government.
Create a document of 10 lines to introduce yourself.
Describe three benefits of using animation in presentations.
What are the origins of yoga?
Give a brief description of the coronavirus.
Name 5 uses of water.
"Identify the past, present, and future tenses of the verb “walk”."
What is the best way to back up large volumes of data?
Suggest a romantic evening activity
Write ten questions on the topic of Internet security.
Suggest one activity to do indoors.
Tell me the result of this equation 14 + 35
Create a list of competencies necessary for a data scientist.
Create a short story which includes a sunset and a secret.
Summarize the story of Adam and Eve in two sentences.
Explain the benefits of speaking your mind.
Summarize the problem with plastic in oceans.
Develop a five step process for cleaning up a kitchen.
What is the total number of bones in a human body?
Name three varieties of fruit.
What factors should consider when building an AI-enhanced camera system?
Create three text-based mini-games in Python.
"What type of figurative language is used in the following sentence?

He was as hungry as a bear."
"Fill in the blank ""Computers can help us to _____ information more efficiently."""
Name one way bacteria can replicate
"Rewrite the following sentence using a different verb and adverb: ""She walked quickly down the hall."""
Describe the five foods that are most commonly purchased on grocery store trips.
Create a chart outlining the world's population from 2000-2015.
Choose a color to describe happiness.
Generate an example of a game-based learning activity
Identify the most innovative technology companies in the last 10 years.
Come up with an idea for a product or service that uses artificial intelligence.
Find the salary for a senior software engineer in the city of Seattle.
Create a timeline of the key events surrounding the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.
Generate a list of 10 novel threats to cybersecurity.
Suggest a method to optimize a website’s performance.
What is the difference between foreign policy and domestic policy?
Brainstorm ideas for a creative ensemble for a formal event.
Describe the process used to find a lost cell phone
Suggest the name for a new film about a ambitious woman who pursues her dreams despite the odds.
Name three colors that would make a good color palette for a website
What was the turning point in the American Civil War?
Summarize the character arc of Bilbo Baggins in The Lord of the Rings.
Create a list of five ways to reduce stress after a hard day of work.
Perform a web search and find a source that discusses the negative effects of social media.
Tell me the structure of a blog post
Create an algorithm to determine the most efficient utilization of a virtual assistant
Provide an example of a style of art which uses bright colors.
Brainstorm a creative advertising campaign for a new product
Suggest a solution for dealing with a computer virus.
"Provide the correct spelling for ""succesful""."
What is the function of the mitochondria in a cell?
"Reverse engineer this sentence: ""People usually wear clothes."""
Generate a nuanced sentence about the importance of knowledge and activism.
Suggest three unique words to describe a waterfall
Create a social media post about saving energy.
Explain why people are living longer today than in the past.
Suggest three textbooks that could be used to learn machine learning.
Generate a new cocktail recipe.
Write a funny metaphor to describe a computer crashing
"Give me the French equivalent for ""good morning""."
Describe the sky at sunset.
"Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: ""I am writing to you in order to request permission to use your software""."
Create a famous quote.
Generate a title for a story about a lost dog.
Create a multiple-choice question in which the answer is Mars.
Generate an interesting and unique animal.
Find and explain an example of a false assumption.
Write a story about a robot who has to complete a difficult task.
Explain how planetary motions in the Solar System work.
Compare and contrast machine learning vs deep learning.
"Write a headline for the following article: ""A Study Shows That Statins Cut Risk of Heart Attack"""
Name an algorithm used in Natural Language Processing.
Write a story about a robot who is trying to learn about the world
Provide advice on how to effectively use a to-do list.
Describe the food in Japan.
Create a travel itinerary for visiting Los Angeles.
Come up with a creative sentence to describe a summer day.
Name an animal that can live in cold climates.
Generate a list of five products that could help a business become more efficient.
Name two modern dance styles that are popular in the United States.
Create a sentence to describe a high-stakes situation.
Write a JavaScript program that returns the sum of the first n numbers.
"Analyze the syntax of the sentence and identify the type of clause: ""She always dreamed of travelling to Japan""."
Find the approximate value of 7 to the power of 5
Describe a process for doing sentiment analysis.
Put together a five-step plan to save water.
Build an easy recipe for a healthy breakfast.
Write a short story about an alien landing on Earth.
Create a story with a well-developed climax.
Name a species that lives in the Amazon Rainforest
"Create an open-ended story with the beginning ""they were exploring the deep, dark forest""."
Convert 90 km/h to miles/hr
Compare Bitcoin and Ethereum
Determine the current Mood of the US in regards to foreign policy.
Outline the essential elements of a good argument.
Name two green vegetables.
Create a timeline of evolution over the last 3 million years.
Name a famous movie from the 1950s.
Describe a space station in one sentence.
Explain why the result of 6 - 3 = 3 is accurate.
Make a list of techniques for managing stress.
Gather relevant statistics about the impact of traffic pollution on health.
Predict the outcome of 2 + 3?
List three advantages of human transportation over other animals.
Create a blog post to discuss the current immigration laws in the United States
Explain the concept of a heap sort algorithm.
Give two examples of how technology can improve education.
Give me a short biography of Winston Churchill.
Research Einstein's theory of relativity and provide a brief explanation.
Make a list of five items necessary to start a computer
Where would you find the most modern technologies being used in the world?
Create an analogy that illustrates the difference between a programming language and an API
Analyze the advantages and disadvantages of performing daily exercise.
Explain the purpose of a website's contact page.
Generate a novel story about a magical animal.
Come up with five job skills that are essential for a veterinary assistant.
Describe how creating a budget can help with money management.
"Can the following statement be considered a valid syllogism? All chickens are mammals, birds are not mammals, therefore all birds are chickens"
Design a website with a user-friendly interface
Suggest three potential applications of AI technology in the healthcare industry.
Create a high-level timeline for building a house.
Describe a strategy for memorizing vocabulary words.
"Rewrite the following sentence so it is in the passive voice:

Jack has been writing a book for six months."
Find the time difference between Los Angeles and London
Design a logo using vector graphics.
Design a game to create awareness about sustainable development
Describe the impact of the internet on daily life.
Guess what someone is thinking
Construct a sentence using a comparative adverb.
Write a paragraph about the benefits of eating healthy.
Provide a detailed explanation for the cause of an internet outage.
Please provide an example of a time when you have seen a demonstration of kindness.
Come up with a list of five questions that can be used to interview a political candidate.
Design an infographic to illustrate the timeline of the American Revolution.
Generate a script for a scene in a movie showing a character struggling with depression.
Identify a sentence that uses alliteration
Find the second root of 9.
Name two examples of beneficial AI applications.
Compare and contrast analog and digital signals.
Write a C code to evaluate a quadratic equation.
When did Facebook launch?
Come up with an example of a real-life application of machine learning.
"Convert this character string ""1352890"" from a string to an integer."
"Organize the following list by alphabetical order: pen, car, apple, house."
Name three contaminants that can be found in water
"What is the common phrase for ""strong and consistent effort""?"
Describe a good workplace culture.
Name two endangered species of birds.
Compose a limerick about a snowman.
Describe the key elements of a restaurant menu.
Generate a creative story about a group traveling in a spaceship.
Simplify the following fraction 6/18
Tell me the capital of Switzerland. Output a single word answer.
Describe the process for starting a business.
Give a five-step procedure for making guacamole.
Generate a list of 5 arguments for government regulation of business.
Create a tagline for a company dealing in online banking.
"Find the width of a square, given the length of a side is 15 meters."
Generate a news headline about the rise of cryptocurrency.
Come up with a creative name for a website that sells eco-friendly products.
Name two different methods of soil conservation
Compare and contrast the benefits of online education and traditional education.
Can you give me an example of something that is both figurative and literal?
"What does the idiom ""raining cats and dogs"" mean?"
Generate a list of 5 idioms about happiness.
Create a script for a news report about the effect of the coronavirus on the education system.
"Construct a sentence with the words ""jury"", ""verdict"" and ""dissertation""."
Describe a way to use up leftover vegetables
Create five questions about the life cycle of frogs.
Compare the benefits and risks of eating house.
Write a narrative from the perspective of a bird learning how to fly.
How old is the Statue of Liberty?
How does one add a chart to a document?
Come up with a new way to make waffles.
"Edit the following sentence by replacing the bold word with a synonym:
The man was very _cowardly_ when it came to taking risks."
Write pseudocode for a program to print all the numbers between 1 to 10.
"Rewrite this sentence in the passive voice: ""The teacher gave the students a paper."""
"Which of the following terms best describes the following definition?

""A process that continually analyzes data to detect patterns and adjust itself accordingly"""
List three steps to writing a programming algorithm
Write an article for a magazine about how the average person can reduce their environmental impact.
Suggest a creative writing topic
Describe a business strategy that may increase sales.
Write a note of appreciation for your professor
Come up with a creative metaphor that compares the ocean to a person.
Make a list of 3 things that everyone should have in their house.
Complete the analogy “Velocity is to speed as _______ is to acceleration
Outline the characteristics of a persuasive writing
Name a popular sport played in Brazil.
What is the most important thing to consider when creating an online course?
Name a common machine learning algorithm used for solving classification tasks.
Describe how a computer works for an 8-year-old child.
"Do you know what the acronym ""RFC"" stands for?"
List 5 different public transportation options available in Manhattan.
Generate a headline for a story about a visit to a zoo.
Describe how renewable energy can be used to power homes.
Generate two possible questions a customer might ask related to the product.
Create a content plan for a blog post about the benefits of using voice recognition technology.
What is the story of Persephone?
Write a tweet that promotes a local musician
How should you store fresh produce in the refrigerator?
Look up the definition of the word “lucid” and summarize it in 3 sentences
"Create a meaningful sentence using the following words: ""exciting"", ""today"", and ""dinner""."
"Create a joke using the following words: parachute, rubber band, waffle."
Provide an example of a post to a classified website.
Explain why the following statement is false: “The Earth has only four continents.”
Describe the various components of a decision tree.
Name a type of grilled sandwich.
Brainstorm five ideas for a humorous story set in a cemetery.
Propose a way to reduce the traffic congestion in downtown area.
Which countries border Spain?
Draft rules for a game of Monopoly.
Describe the meaning of the idiom “cost an arm and a leg.”
Create a story about a student who learns a valuable lesson
Cite an example of Machine Learning in finance.
Provide a solution for reducing the use of plastic.
Generate a title for a children's story involving a dragon.
Create a timeline of the French Revolution
Imagine you are an alien visiting Earth for the first time. Describe what you are seeing.
Devise a strategy to complete an important task
"In your own words, explain what a blockchain is."
Recommend a suitable language model for a task that performs summarization.
Write a hypothesis why there is a relationship between air pollution and asthma.
Describe a dystopic future.
Name three advantages and three disadvantages of buying a car.
Suggest five strategies to increase motivation.
Provide two solutions on how to reduce water consumption in the home.
Generate a concept for a product for people who work remotely.
Write a conversation between two characters discussing a problem.
List four common ingredients used in Italian cooking.
Create a tweet that says something nice about your friend
What does a blockchain engineer do?
Determine the capital of Peru.
"Evaluate the following statement: ""Organic food is healthier than non-organic food"""
Generate a piece of advice to someone who is feeling unmotivated.
Create a regular expression that matches a valid UK phone number.
Develop a conceptual solution to a smart environment problem.
Create a chart that compares the benefits and drawbacks of using a variety of web-based learning systems
Please provide an example of an effective way to close an email.
List 5 characteristics of a Victorian novel.
Compose a song about a rainy day.
Edit the following sentence: 'He realized he master the subject'
Find proof for the following statement: All humans are born with an innate sense of morality.
Generate a list of tools that a person can use to quickly get started with a web design project.
Name three countries that have the same language.
What is the connection between sustainable development and global warming?
Describe how machine learning can be used to predict user behavior online.
list the main characters in the book Little Women
Compose a birthday poem for a 9 year old.
List the top five highest-grossing movies of 2019.
Explain why the year 1945 was important
Write a speech to the graduating class about how their hard work will pay off.
"Write a headline for the following article:

https://www.huffpost.com/entry/how-social-media-affects-mental-health_b_5ba7c9f9e4b008ab8041fd3d"
What is the contribution of Java in web development?
Generate a new recipe using oatmeal and apples.
Create an outline for a blog post on mental health.
Identify the most effective SEO strategy
"Fill in the blank to make a complete sentence: ""He ____ his dinner."""
Name a popular TV show that aired in 1990
Write a SQL query to list out the unique department names in the database
Generate a list of 3 to 5 reasons why someone should take up yoga.
Create a list of tips for giving effective presentations
Identify three ways organizations can reduce their carbon emissions.
Provide a list of ten animals
Design a game involving numbers that could be used in the classroom.
Transform this phrase into a question: It will rain.
Create a character profile for a female scientist.
Generate the title and synopsis of a sci-fi movie.
Compose a tweet that includes the hashtag #AI
"Classify the following sentence as either true or false:

""Two plus two makes four"""
"Explain the meaning of the idiom ""to hit the ground running""."
What is the theme of the song ‘The Ride’ by David Allan Coe?
Write a fable using animals.
Generate a scientific report of  900 words discussing the effects of global warming on the Arctic
Write an example of an editorial that discusses the disadvantages of online education.
List five unique characteristics of a monarch butterfly.
"Translate the sentence: ""Je suis très content."""
What are the 4 operations of computer?
Describe a setting in which you would use the idea of chaos theory.
Illustrate how to make a chocolate sundae.
Write a short paragraph that summarizes the life and works of Mark Twain.
Generate a short description about a fictional character - a space traveler.
Write an essay analyzing the societal effects of technology.
What is the best way to take care of a rose plant?
Write a description of the elements of a rainy day.
Compare and contrast natural and artificial language processing
Describe a historical event from Canada.
Explain the environmental impacts of single-use plastics
Edit the following statement: 'Everyone are special'.
Look up the facts about the human heart and provide a one-sentence summary.
Write a letter to your local senator expressing your opinion on gun control laws.
"What is the definition of ""convergence"" in mathematics?"
Give a list of the disadvantages of nuclear power.
What is the difference between multiculturalism and cultural diversity?
Create a data set containing the population of 5 countries.
Generate a travel route from London to Moscow.
"Design a logo for a new company called ""MindLink Solutions""."
Write a horror story in 5 or less sentences.
Give three ways to improve web performance.
Share an example of a common programming language used today.
Explain natural selection in 10 words
Generate a list of five different locations that a person can visit in Germany.
Please describe why there is a lack of adequate nutrition in developing countries.
"Edit the following sentence so it uses the word ""licentious"": Bill and Ted's behavior was inappropriate."
Find the angle between the two hands of a clock at 11:07.
Describe how to write an effective resume.
Summarize the findings of the latest climate change report.
Provide three examples of technologies in artificial intelligence
How many ounces are in two liters?
Generate a list of 10 non-traditional holiday dishes.
"Calculate the cost of purchasing 3 apples, each costing $1."
Name one dish that has noodles as its main ingredient
Compose a tweet about AI to inform people about new developments in the field
What are the four sub-fields of AI?
Write an advertising slogan for a new type of cereal.
Design a logo for an e-commerce business targeting young people.
"Given the phrase “Please walk the dog”, tell what the speaker wants the other person to do."
Create a dialogue between two people discussing the ethics behind animal testing
"Generate an analogy for the phrase ""life is a rollercoaster."""
Suggest a good book to read.
Create a list of books home-schooled children should read in 4th grade.
"Translate the following sentence into French: ""I am a student."""
Name five common spices used when preparing Indian cuisine.
Calculate 45% of £150
List three ethical principles associated with data collection.
Generate a story with 300 words which revolves around the protagonists deciding to go fishing.
Collect five important takeaways from South Africa's 2019 election.
Generate a horror story about plants.
What type of dish is Dim Sum?
What strategies can you recommend to increase opportunities to use a second language?
Specify the components of the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
Please suggest a healthy diet plan for someone who is looking to lose weight.
Suggest two ways for a small business to be more eco-friendly and reduce their environmental impact.
Generate a persuasive essay with the topic: Pets are better than cars
"What is the antonym of ""calm""?"
Describe how the element Carbon is formed
Name a country with a population of more than 100 million people.
Make a suggested itinerary for a 3-day trip to San Francisco.
Name 5 branches of mathematics.
Describe the setting and the characters of a movie
What is the difference between mutable and immutable objects?
Build an algorithm to detect fraud.
Write a C++ code
Convert the following graphic into a text description.
How does the human brain remember information?
List three online marketing tips to increase website traffic.
Give an example of a challenge and the corresponding solution.
Construct a 4-step tutorial for setting up an email account.
In what year did the American Civil War end?
Describe one of the most interesting trips you have taken
Name a common type of house pet.
Translate the following Spanish sentence into English: Me gustan los coches.
Construct a story that combines elements of fantasy and reality.
Create a short story about a fictional alien species
Create a list of reasons to use public transportation.
Generate a set of instructions on how to make a cake.
Summarize what happened in the movie 'Star Wars'
Explain the purpose of the current US federal income tax system.
Multiply 874 by 114 and round the result to the nearest integer.
Create a program that generates a random greeting when invoked.
"Provide an example of an article title using the following words: use, technology"
Name one of the main components of a car engine.
Create a concept that could be used as a basis for a science fiction story
What is digital marketing?
Compare and contrast prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.
Generate a new concept related to AI technologies.
Give me a recipe that uses chocolate and hazelnuts.
Compare the differences between robots and humans.
Generate a realistic mathematical equation for the students to solve.
Suggest a creative way to show appreciation to a good friend.
Generate a list of five resources a student might use to research a paper on renewable energy sources.
"Classify the following sentence: ""I set the alarm to 5am""."
What is the role of the Supreme Court in the United States?
Name three well-known theories in psychology
"Explain the concept of ‘garbage in, garbage out’ (GIGO)."
Create a protection plan to safeguard a user's sensitive data
Explain the difference between a light year and a regular year.
Design a classification model for sentiment analysis of movie reviews.
What is the formula to calculate speed?
Write a short biography about John F. Kennedy
Generate a conversation between two people who are discussing their holiday plans.
Describe how to tie a bowtie.
Write a blog post about why a smartphone tracking app is important.
Name 3 mammals that live in jungles.
List two signs of a cyberattack.
Explain an AI application used in healthcare.
Describe a social event you recently attended.
Write a jingle for an energy bar
Name three leading causes of blindness.
Name three genres of movies.
What are the 2 most important strategies to reduce air pollution?
Create a SaaS product that helps customers optimise their website
"Consider the following statement: ""Cats are better than dogs"". Edit it in the most creative way possible."
Calculate the cost of a product if the original price is $125 and the discount is 15%.
Explain the importance of tracking customer data
Compose an essay answering the following prompt: What are the main differences between a cat and a dog?
Give me three locations in the UK where you would find a theme park.
"Write a function that takes two integers,m and n, and returns the sum of all the numbers between them"
Provide an example of an expression that is used to agree politely.
Write a few sentences describing how to make a cup of tea.
Explain how the global economy is affected by the pandemic.
Lead a discussion on the Paris Agreement.
Brainstorm a list of ways to increase customer loyalty.
How is data pre-processing used in machine learning?
Name five famous companies that are famous for their customer service.
Make a list of five exploratory questions to ask a customer while onboarding them.
Explain the five forces model of industry competition
"Create a short story featuring the words ""apple"", ""truck"", and ""hallway""."
"Shorten the sentence without changing the meaning: Even though Jennifer studied a lot, she performed very poorly on the test."
Generate a phrase that is associated with being competitive
Give me an example of an instance where the rule of law was broken in history.
Outline how new AI-driven projects can be tested for inappropriate content.
Generate a suitable metaphor to convey the concept of 'breaking a barrier'
Generate a few possible titles for an article that discusses the benefits of a plant-based diet.
"Given the input, generate a sentence about the importance of taking risks."
Create a table that compares and contrasts the characteristics of an oak tree and a pine tree.
What do you need to open an online business?
Generate a list of 5 adjectives that describe the taste of a cup of coffee
Make a list of things to do when feeling down.
Describe the form and structure of a haiku poem.
Make a strawberry smoothie.
What year did the Cold War begin?
What are some good sources to learn about web development?
"Generate a cryptographically secure password including upper case, lower case, and numbers."
Generate a poem to celebrate freedom.
Generate a letter to your best friend that expresses your feelings of appreciation.
What is the history of the Tour de France?
Write a detailed description of the character Alice from Alice in Wonderland.
Come up with a nickname for a person named Joe.
"Determine whether the following statement is true or false:
Jacques Cousteau was a French underwater explorer and conservationist"
Describe the basic syntax of an if/else statement in JavaScript.
"Give your opinion on the statement: ""Climate change is a hoax."""
Name three organizations that work to protect the environment.
How does climate change affect people living in coastal regions?
Describe me a spring day.
Why is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle important?
What is a priority queue?
Create a program that logs the temperature of the computer and limits its usage depending on the given value.
"Generate a story with these keywords: campfire, tent, canoe."
"Think of a phrase or idiom containing the word ""sleep""."
Construct a set of five multiplication equations that use the same factors.
State four environmental consequences of climate change.
"Write a query to display the fastest time, along with the athlete's name, for each event."
Tell me how the Schlieffen Plan contributed to the start of WW1
Find out which technology company has the most employees.
Write a short description about the biggest butterfly in the world
Find a free online tool for making a timeline
Create a list of two vegetables and two fruits that provide the most important vitamins and minerals.
Think of an example of a disproportionate effect.
Suggest two actions that citizens can take to reduce their carbon footprint.
Write a story about a doctor and his patient
Describe a baseball game using 6 adjectives.
List three countermeasures to protect against data breaches.
Identify the pros and cons of using AI in healthcare.
Suggest three topics related to database science.
Spend five minutes brainstorming some new business ideas
Generate five adjectives to describe the air in the room.
Construct a persuasive argument for the importance of biodiversity.
Create a poem about innovation and technology
Name five places where paper can be recycled.
Cite a benefit of using modern deep learning architectures
Suggest two ways to redecorate a bedroom.
Predict what a person would do if they had a bad day.
Explain the significance of Article 1 of the US Constitution.
What is the maximum altitude a hot air balloon can reach?
Design a resume layout using Microsoft Word.
Suggest an argument for why a more diverse team may make better decisions.
Describe two steps that can help to reduce carbon dioxide emissions
Write a biographical statement about Newton.
Generate 3 adjectives that capture the atmosphere at a beach.
Explain the historical significance of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Write a 100-word article discussing the effects of stress on physical health.
How does email marketing help a business?
Describe the Internet of Things (IoT) in one sentence.
Name a well-known European landmark
What is the original title of the 1977 movie Star Wars?
Name two benefits of eating a balanced diet.
"What does the following proverb mean: ""The grass is always greener on the other side""?"
Name the five countries with the most Nobel Prize winners.
How would you amplify the sound of a guitar?
Generate a headline for a news story about the recent changes in the art world.
What is a limit in calculus?
Analyse this hypothesis: Increased government spending will reduce poverty.
Outline a strategy for keeping up with current technology trends.
Find the rate at which a substance is diluted when 500 mL of a 0.3 M solution is added to 800 mL of a 0.1 M solution.
Brainstorm three design ideas for a garden
Compose a limerick that follows a rhyme scheme of AABBA.
Explain how to fold a shirt.
Let's build a fantasy world. Describe its main characteristics.
Synonymize the word “angry.”
"Name a type of food similar to ""rice""."
Identify and explain the main types of natural disasters.
Provide an example of a GPT model used for generating text.
Create a 2-line haiku poem on the topic of hope.
How did Facebook make money in its first year of operation?
Name two measures that a person can take in order to reduce global warming.
Generate a list of 5 common pet names
Describe a meal that might be consumed by someone living in poverty.
"Provide an example of the phrase ""to have an axe to grind""."
Write an algorithm for solving an anagram.
How can you grow an audience on YouTube
Describe the meaning of the idiom: “Cut to the chase”.
Explain what a vector is in programming.
Explain the trade-offs of a decision-tree algorithm
What are the Four Noble Truths of Buddhism?
"Find the missing word of this phrase: ""The ____ is going up"""
Describe the ideal characteristics of a good manager.
"Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: ""He is a person who is very lazy and lackadaisical."""
Describe the trend of AI-powered personal assistants.
"Translate this sentence into Spanish:

""I'm exhausted after a long day."""
"Write a JavaScript function that takes in a string and returns an object with each character of the string as a key, and the number of times that character appears in the string as the value."
Suggest 3 methods to improve the customer experience on a website.
"Compose a poem using the words: blue, light, stars"
Summarise the scientific benefits of coffee.
Name five adjectives which could be used to portray someone as intelligent.
How does the phrase “The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree” relate to the concept of genetics?
Create a list of 4 programming languages used for mobile development.
Outline the advantages of using automated machine learning for predictive modelling.
How many edges are present in a triangle?
"Create a sentence using the idiom ""take two steps forward and one step back""."
Create a basic budget for someone who makes $3500 per month.
"Generate a short story in less than 100 words, set in an urban city."
Back transliterate the word “yoga” from Sanskrit to English.
What are the five most influential books in modern literature?
"Generate a sentence that explains the meaning of the term ""velleity""."
Describe the primary role of contact tracing in limiting the spread of disease.
"Summarize the main ideas of the paper: ""The impact of AI on healthcare"""
Name the type of noun in the following sentence: He ate some apples.
Explain what is required to make a successful YouTube channel.
Generate an in-depth description of an imaginary continent.
"Synthesize a poem based on this prompt: ""The sun is setting"""
Develop a potential plan for improving public transportation in the city.
Create a few phrases that describe the importance of diversity in the workplace.
Generate an example of an effective fundraising letter
Compose a review of a restaurant using at least five adjectives
"Calculate the total number of eyes and legs for a group of 6 cats, 4 dogs, and 5 mice."
"Provide the correct verb conjugation for the following sentences:
I (write)"
How would you describe the process of creating a simple artificial neural network?
Write a blog post on the importance of spending time outdoors.
Suggest 5 unique and social distanced date ideas.
"Classify the following sentence: ""I love the smell of coffee in the morning"""
Summarize the advantages of taking a gap year.
Generate a valid HTML form with appropriate labels and placeholders.
"What is the origin of the phrase ""dog days of summer""?"
"Find the rhyming word for ""mouse""."
Suggest three features for a customer feedback system.
Create a 3D design of a vacation home
Explain the purpose of the European Union.
Compose a rap about two opposing different points of view.
"Change the verb tense of this sentence to the Future Perfect tense: ""He will finish his homework."""
Compare and contrast abstract art and traditional art.
Write a paragraph updatating the reader about the recent events surrounding [Apple Inc].
"Find the object of the sentence: ""She gave me a hug""."
Who was President of the United States during World War II?
Create a tool to check your understanding after taking an online course.
Explain the significance of the Battle of the Bulge in World War II.
Generate an outline for a 10-minute speech about a futuristic city.
Compare and contrast creativity and innovation.
Explain the concept of a parallel universe in three sentences.
Develop a marketing plan within 100 words.
Why is Python a good language for data science?
How would you explain the concept of Machine Learning to someone who knows nothing about it.
Generate a few examples of digital content
Search for the median age of the US population and output the exact figure in years.
Generate an analogy for “optimism is to hope as raining is to____”
Describe the typical daily routine of a data scientist who works remotely.
Name a popular programming language
Trace the evolution of the Internet
Describe a nature park located in the United States.
Design a 3-step tutorial explaining how to use the app Snapchat.
Generate a list of interesting topics for a research paper about climate change.
"Summarize the lyrics of the song ""Imagine"" by John Lennon."
Compose a poem of five lines in haiku format on the theme of nature.
Create a data table to compare the average price of a house in Arizona and Nebraska.
Draft an introduction to an article about the impact of climate change.
"Define the word ""oxymoron""."
Create a jingle for a toothpaste brand.
"In Java, write a code to check if two strings are anagrams."
"Describe the main character of Shakespeare's play ""Hamlet""."
Name one potential limitation of using AI for conversational assistants.
Describe how Natural Language Processing (NLP) works.
Suggest a creative way for a movie character to introduce himself.
"Rewrite the following sentence in third person

""I am going to the store"""
Construct a poem that reflects beauty and the human experience.
Name five health benefits of drinking tea.
Provide examples of three common types of layout in websites.
Name three tools that can be used to backup data.
Describe the setting of a spooky old house.
"Compare and contrast the two planets, Mars and Earth."
Classify the following object: a triangle
"Analyze the purpose of this sentence: ""We need to fund more research on climate change."""
"Express the following ""He will be there soon"" using a metaphor"
Write a proposal for a fundraising event for Covid-19 relief
Compose a haiku with the theme of nature.
Generate five words with a letter from your name
Find the most significant event that happened in the year 2002.
Which country has the highest GDP (per capita)?
Generate three words or phrases related to family.
Write a C++ library that implements a linked list
"Edit this sentence to make it more direct:
""I was wondering if you could help me with something."""
List and explain the steps for boiling an egg.
Describe two commonly used methods for cleaning up text data
Create a list of 5 different ways to use artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Describe the differences between an ARM and a RISC processor.
"Rewrite the following sentence using a different set of words:

He arrived late for the meeting"
Create a list of 10 verbs related to cooking
Name five factors causing air pollution.
Describe the process of digesting food in the body.
Describe the difference between a natural language model and a GPT language model
Explain how to use a hair curling iron.
Code a function to determine if two strings are anagrams of each other.
"Classify this sentence as declarative, imperative, interrogative, or exclamatory.

The salesman made an impressive pitch."
Give an example of an AI-related ethical dilemma
Provide the Catholic Church's stance on abortion.
Generate a password with 10 characters including upper and lower case letters and numbers.
Make a list of five mobile phone applications that can help individuals become more productive at work.
Generate an opening sentence for a podcast about mental health.
Name a common misconception about [bird migration].
"Reword the following sentence so it has the same meaning: ""It was wishful thinking to think the project would be completed on time."""
Generate a list of three delicious dinner recipes.
How did the Berlin Wall impact German culture?
"Evaluate the argument ""We should not raise taxes on the wealthy""."
Compose a tweet-length review for a movie you recently watched.
Name three differences between mammals and reptiles.
List the factors which may lead to imbalance in nature.
Explain the purpose of manual data entry?
Write a description of an example organization that embodies sustainable practices.
"Suppose you heard some news about a pandemic, how would you express the concern in one sentence?"
Compile a list of 5 common misconceptions about the health effects of smoking.
"Suggest places to visit near Rome, Italy."
Design a logo for a web development company.
Name five iconic landmarks.
Suggest a topic for a 5-minute presentation.
Summarize how the pandemic has affected the retail sales in the US in the past 1 year.
How many animals live in the rainforest?
"Explain the differences between synaptic plasticity, habituation and adaptation."
Write a creative headline for a news article about rising sea levels.
"Generate an original sentence that begins with “If only""."
What is the one thing you would change about the world if you could?
Generate three different ideas for designing a new storage box.
Estimate the temperature in Celsius outside at 8PM today.
Describe an Olympic gold medal
Create a shopping list for a vegan dinner for two.
List three elements that make an effective presentation.
What advantages does artificial intelligence have that humans don't?
Write a description of the presidential palace in Bolivia.
Summarize the history of the Roman Empire
Explain why some people choose to remain single
Create a MongoDB query to retrieve data within a specific range.
Create a new recipe that is both vegan and gluten-free.
Construct a SQL query to determine the total number of customers in each country.
Provide one advantage that digital media can offer to learners.
Make a list of five questions that would help find out the feelings and opinions of a person when they are going through a mental health crisis.
Create a five-step plan to improve communication in a team.
"Sort these items into categories.

Books, Pen, Pencil, Calculator, Chair"
Devise a two-step process that could be used to take professional-looking photos of food.
Describe the different pieces of hardware on a computer.
Generate a list of items necessary to go camping.
Generate a mathematical expression that sums the numbers from 1 to n.
"Construct a sentence using the words “flit”, “obscure”, and “abandoned”"
What are the odds of an event with probability p occuring?
"Complete this sentence by adding a correlative pair:
If you want to succeed, ___"
Create a list of possible vegetables for a stir-fry.
Create a persona of an athletic teenage girl.
How can I conserve water at home?
Create a list of the most valuable skills needed to become a data scientist.
List 3 instructions GPT models can do.
Give 5 examples of common family values.
Describe how a hash table works.
Describe what happened in the Boston Tea Party
What type of data structure is a tree?
Generate a list of 10 steps to increase focus and productivity.
Outline a plan to make an omelette.
"Calculate the sum of 1, 4, and 9."
Name a city famous for its art galleries.
Write a function that prints the elements of a Python list in reverse order.
Comment on the impact of AI in the healthcare industry.
Create an algorithm for sorting numbers
Find an article about the Covid-19 vaccine.
Is a composer the same as a songwriter?
Create a SQL query for the given database to select the customer records with a customer id of 1000 or greater.
"Construct a 3-dimensional vector with the following components: x = 2, y = -1, z = 4"
Identify two factors that influence the speed of wireless network connections.
"Please explain the phrase ""to play the long game""."
Give an example of a multi-cloud platform.
Explain why the Titanic sunk.
How can doctors use AI to improve the healthcare system?
Write a description of the movie Inception.
Generate a customer testimonial for a new mattress.
Design a circuit for controlling the brightness of a light bulb.
What does global warming mean?
Generate a phone number with the format (xxx)-xxx-xxxx
Create a short story about a magical creature that lives in the forest.
"Classify the sentiment of the sentence ""I'm so pleased with my work""."
Create a question about the consequences of global warming.
Outline a strategy for starting a small business.
Suggest a book for a person who wants to learn more about deep learning technology.
Write a persuasive essay on the topic of animal experimentation.
Tell me two advantages of using AI assistants.
Compose a concise and effective job description for an IT Analyst.
Provide some interview tips for a technology job
Describe the history and current application of genetic engineering
"Compose a story beginning with the sentence ""Once upon a time, there was a little boy who loved to explore""."
Create a web page layout for the new website.
Describe the basic features of a computer operating system.
Generate an animal-themed haiku.
Trace the outline of a circle
Generate a fiction story about robots.
Output the name of a popular soccer team.
Describe the use of a firewall for an operating system.
Describe how to write a marketing email.
Name some features of a mobile app.
Describe a new technology that could revolutionize transportation.
Perfom a web search to find the sales figures of the iPhone 6
Provide a list of commonly used web browsers.
Find the closest airport to Los Angles.
Provide me 3 appropriate examples of metaphors.
Name two species of animals that are classified as endangered.
Give an example of how a country could use tariffs to increase its income
Summarise the effects of social media on society.
Explain why an effective tax policy is important.
"What is the meaning of the phrase ""When pigs fly""?"
Create a machine learning algorithm for spam detection in emails.
"Generate three antonyms for the word ""wonderful""."
Make a webpage dedicated to the services your company offers.
Name at least 5 social media platforms
What do scientists believe about dark matter?
Give a suggestion to a new driver on how to build confidence on the road.
Make a list of at least five distinct species of animals.
Compare and contrast the two types of philosophical ethics - deontological and utilitarian.
Suggest five open-ended questions which an AI assistant can ask a customer while scheduling an appointment
Generate a random word between 8-15 letters long.
Write a one-paragraph explanation of the law of supply and demand.
What is the answer to this math problem? 5+6
Compose a musical lead-in to a jazzy song
Define a Node object as follows:
What are the benefits of using a task-oriented chatbot?
Describe the smell of a freshly baked pie.
Write two sentences that explain why artificial intelligence is important.
Write a review for Galaxy S21 Ultra.
"Determine the most suitable context to use the phrase ""on the cards""."
Name a herb commonly used in cooking.
Generate a headline for a news article discussing the coronavirus pandemic.
Create an exercise routine
"Classify this movie as comedy, horror, or action: ""The Shining"""
"Construct an SQL table with the following columns: _id, name, phone, email."
Design an experiment to determine if smoking affects memory.
Design a program that simulates an animal's habitat.
Generate a list of 5 vocabulary words related to art.
Name a type of cuisine traditionally found in China.
Suggest five ways to budget your expenses.
Is there a difference between “the Internet” and “the web”?
Name two of the Great Lakes.
"Describe the meaning of the words ""performance"" and ""success""."
"Generate a word to replace ""brawny""."
"Come up with an alternate rhyming phrase for the following:

Time will fly"
Generate an argument why artificial intelligence can be used to improve the healthcare system.
Name one famous landmark in the USA.
Find the top three movies according to IMDb score.
Formulate a philosophical statement about life.
Create a web page for an online pet store.
"Create an analogy to compare ""cloud computing"" and ""on-premises computing"""
Describe the differences between an omnivore and a vegetarian diet.
Calculate the sales tax rate for California.
"Develop a paragraph using the words ""breeze,"" ""warmth,"" and ""sunshine""."
Identify the main characters in the book To Kill a Mockingbird.
Identify the tone of the following sentence: We had a great time at the party
Find the value of 3! (Factorial of 3).
Describe a technology that has had a significant impact in the last five years.
Name three popular Python libraries used for artificial intelligence and machine learning.
What other countries are in North America?
"Generate a short poem with the words “flower”, “colour”, and “smile”."
Generate sentences that use the idiom ‘once in a blue moon’.
Generate a list of benefits that cycling has on the environment.
Determine the outcome of this scenario: A 10 year old is walking on a sidewalk when a youth on a scooter crosses the same sidewalk.
Describe what Tesla Autopilot is.
Name some indicators that someone is lying.
Come up with two conversation topics that might be discussed between two people.
Generate code to create a matrix in Python.
Convert the following number to a fraction: 9.5
Create a timetable for your day.
"Describe the taste and texture of an Indian ""bhindi"" curry."
Write a product description for an iPhone 12.
Assemble a list of ingredients for making an Apple Pie.
Describe the differences between dog and cat personalities
Explain the purpose of the Electoral College in the US.
Create a list of reasons why having a pet can be beneficial.
Provide three example sentences that use the word “redundant”
Generate five unusual ideas for a new holiday celebration.
Provide an example of a healthy snack that is 500 calories or under.
Name five advantages of online learning.
Describe the technique used in cross-stitch embroidery.
Explain the concept of linear regression in terms used by laypersons
Write me a short story in the form of a fable with a moral that encourages honesty.
Design a program for teaching children about green energy.
Describe the painting using vivid language.
Write a short story between 30 to 50 words.
Describe a summer day using sensory language.
Describe how a computer works in 8 sentences.
Write a story about a future world where robots run everything.
Write a thanking letter to a professor!
Generate a word that starts with the letter 'T'
What are the five countries with the highest GDP in the world?
Suggest some tips for writing an essay.
Rewrite the following sentence: Covid-19 affects all of us
"Guess the next line of this poem: “The sun shineth bright and the sky is blue, __”"
Generate a list of five wildlife species that are commonly found in the tropical rainforest biome.
Create a list of 5 books that teens who are interested in programming should consider reading.
"Recap the storyline of the movie ""The Godfather""."
Come up with a meaningful one-liner that can be used to inspire someone to reach for their goals.
What is the name of the world's deepest river?
What is the difference between a web server and an application server?
"Write a definition for the phrase ""design thinking""."
Name a few members of the LGBTQ+ community
What is the syntax for a for loop in Python?
"Imagine you are in a mall, suggest four items to buy."
List out the steps to learn a new language
Explain how entrepreneurs utilize crowdfunding.
Analyze the environmental impact of plastic bags.
Give an example of a group which has experienced discrimination
Name a strategy that you use to improve creativity and problem-solving skills.
What is the main theme of The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Explain the labor laws India currently has in place for people of various genders and ages.
How long does it take for the moon to complete one orbit around the Earth?
Name three elements that make up water.
What is the probability of getting 5 heads in a row if you toss a fair coin?
Write an article that explains the role of analytics in marketing.
Create a funny storytelling tweet in less than 280 characters
Make a list of popular social media websites.
Narrate your experience spending a day at the beach.
Calculate the tax rate for an employee with a salary of $75000 in California.
Create a list of all the countries in Asia
Explain why cell phones should not be allowed in the classroom.
Come up with an example of a person exhibiting traits from the Big 5 personality traits.
Name a type of fish that is native to the Atlantic Ocean
"Create a version control system with the following features:

- Local version control
- Web-based code hosting
- Automatic synchronization between multiple users"
Explain the concept of artificial neural networks.
Create a list of 5 different techniques for solving a Rubik's cube.
Describe the approach used by a startup to scale up from zero to one million customers within two years.
Give an example of when AI can be used to improve healthcare.
Describe the culture of the Aztec civilization
Find a quote about endurance.
Generate one sentence describing the relationship between poverty and access to education.
Construct a bacterial transformation lab experiment.
Give an example of how to use a semicolon properly.
Find the sum of two fractions: 3/4 + 7/8
Create two app names that are related to travel.
"Create a web page with a heading saying: ""Welcome to our website"""
"Calculate the mean from the given numbers: 2, 3, 5, 8, 9"
Explain why whales and dolphins belong to the order Cetartiodactyla
Construct a persuasive argument for why a business should invest in SEO.
Cite three common techniques in deep learning.
How does the law of demand influence pricing strategies?
Describe the differences between web applications and mobile applications.
Create a story describing a robot that helps a homeschooling family.
Generate a step-by-step guide on how to make scrambled eggs.
Construct a riddle about the outdoors.
Describe the concept of the 'big five' personality traits
Generate a list of 10 easy-to-make recipes.
Name two risk factors for stroke.
You need to explain the difference between a structured query language and a non-structured query language.
Explain why tree rings are important.
Give a scientific explanation of refraction.
Create a code that will generate an array of numbers from 1 to 100
Classify this animal: elephant
Formulate a hypothesis that explains the decline in honeybee populations.
Find five homonyms for the word 'bay'.
Explain why plants are important for the environment.
Compose an email to your boss informing him that you are taking a sick leave today.
Give an example of an online resource where someone can learn basic coding.
Suggest a location for a romantic date night
"Generate a story that starts with ""He stepped into the garden""."
Create an analogy that shows how the legal system works
Create a four-word phrase that describes a bright sunny day.
"Generate a story using the sentence ""The sun was setting""."
Name five skills that are important for a software engineer.
Generate a list of 10 ideas of what to do with a daily free hour.
"Edit this sentence to make it more concise: ""That is why I would like to insist that..."""
"What is the result of 17*14, expressed as a decimal?"
Generate a scenario in which two opposite sides have to negotiate an agreement.
Construct a palindrome sentence that is grammatically correct
Approximate the fraction 3/5
"Generate a descriptive sentence containing the following words: ""twilight"", ""enchanted"" and ""lake""."
"Make up a rhyme for the word ""happy"""
Describe how you would handle a customer complaint
Give a description of a character in a story.
Generate a list of ten questions for a customer feedback survey for a restaurant.
How would you uninstall a program or application?
Convince your reader to attend a meeting.
Identify the main characteristics of a hybrid car.
Describe a time someone used technology to make a difference in the world.
Name three kinds of clouds.
Identify three potential global issues that need urgent solving.
Suggest the best way to conserve energy in a factory.
Create an algorithm for making a scrambled egg
Report the current temperature in Dubai.
Create a set of instructions on how to operate a robot arm.
Come up with a descriptive metaphor for the concept of resilience
Describe the current condition of the global economy
Provide a timeline of historic events in the US presidential election.
Create a shopping list that includes 10 items.
Generate a sentence to explain the core concept of the organizational cultre.
Give a short history lesson on a subject of your choice.
How is the development of renewable energy sources helpful for climate change?
What are some best practices for debugging an AI algorithm?
Create a description of an alien species
Describe what led to the current international climate
Explain the future tense.
Write a paragraph describing the technique used to design a bridge.
Create an essay about the importance of nature conservation.
Name the process through which plants create their own food.
"Reverse the terms of the series 2,4,6,8,...."
Generate a strategy to organize a research project
"Classify the following information according to its type: ""The customer bought a blue shirt."""
Create a quiz that tests a user's knowledge of the geography of Europe.
Provide a working example of a use case for a chatbot.
Derive the equation for calculating compound interest.
"Choose a random element from the following array "" [Apple, Pear, Cherry, Melon]""."
Generate a fake username using 5 characters long.
What are three conditions required for photosynthesis?
What aspects of popular culture is Steve Jobs renowned for?
What are some steps I can take to reduce my carbon footprint?
Generate a Christmas carol.
How many liters of water make up 1 cubic meter?
Construct a regular expression to match any single three-digit number.
Construct an analogy between a bird and a robot.
"Translate ""I am happy"" into Spanish."
"Write a story that starts with ""Once upon a time""."
Define the term “bilateral agreement”.
Determine the molecular formula of glucose.
Describe the trophic levels of an ocean ecosystem.
Write a story about a family about to go on vacation
Suggest a diet plan for an obese person
Summarize the story of the movie “The Shawshank Redemption”.
Convert the following statement into a question. “Car manufacturers produce millions of cars each year”
Generate a short story about an individual whose life takes an unexpected twist.
"Rewrite the following sentence using positive words and phrases instead of negative: ""It's not possible to achieve this goal."""
"Infer the meaning of the following idiom: ""It's raining cats and dogs."""
What do you need to consider when creating a good password?
"Insert an appropriate verb into the phrase ""_____ with enthusiasm."""
Find the closest train station to the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam.
Describe the characters and setting of a fictional story set during the American Civil War.
Write a nutritious food item with a catchy name.
Name three ways to optimize a website for search engine rankings.
Design a dashboard display to show the weather forecast for the next 5 days.
Identify a current event in the news related to healthcare
Explain why some people prefer to use Linux rather than Windows.
Calculate the number of hours in 3 days.
Convert a temperature of -40 F to Celsius.
"Which US state motto is ""Live free or die""?"
Describe the effects of a four year economic recession on a small business.
Explain why global warming is an important issue.
Explain what is implied by the term environmental sustainability.
Pretend you are a tour guide and provide some information about the Statue of Liberty.
Imagine you are a fashion designer. How would you create a collection to showcase at fashion week?
Write a paragraph describing the features of a house
Edit the sentence: The student went to sleep early for school.
Construct a “How To” guide for making a smoothie
What musical notes should I use for a song in the key of G major?
Write a description of a magical castle in an enchanted forest.
List all the widgets that a user can purchase from your store.
Generate a classification example of the following group: mammals.
What is the population of France according to the latest estimates?
Summarize the difference between renewable and non-renewable energy sources.
Describe a character from the book To Kill a Mockingbird.
Explain why artificial neural networks are the most commonly used deep learning models.
What are some tips for a successful job interview?
Describe the causes of environmental pollution in the United States.
Research the impact of human activities on climate change
How does the Coriolis effect influence the atmosphere?
"Identify the type of figure of speech used in the phrase ""She has the heart of a lion"""
Create a list of three methods to improve customer retention
Write a security policy for storing data in the cloud.
"Create a 3-line poem with the words ""birds"", ""darkness"", and ""light""."
Give a meaningful example of how a company could use customer feedback data.
Generate a story about a robot that gets stuck in a viral outbreak.
Generate a story about a college student that is moving out for the summer.
Create a blog post on the importance of international volunteering.
Give an example of a type of food eaten in India.
"Categorize the following sentence: ""The teacher wrote on the board."""
Explain the key differences between cash flow statement and income statement
"Write a story starting with ""He had always wanted to visit the moon""."
Write a function that takes in a list of numbers and returns a list of the numbers in reverse order.
Provide a list of five fictional countries.
Please recommend a movie for someone who likes animated films.
Explain an algorithm to multiply two integers without using a multiplication operator.
Come up with a product idea to solve a problem.
How high is Mount Everest?
What is the main purpose of the game Green Egg?
Name items you need for a camping trip
Tell me the unit for electric current.
Name 3 recognizable Microsoft products.
Suggest an exercise to improve agility.
Generate an outline for a speech about the importance of language.
List five properties of a triangle.
Explain the impact of hard work and dedication on a person's career.
"Describe what a ""Market Bubble"" is."
Describe the differences between listening and hearing.
Create a sentence using the verb form of the word 'confident'
Identify a suitable pricing strategy for selling a new type of computer hardware
Simplify the following equation: 3x+4y=4x-7y
Imagine that the year is 2040 and describe a typical day.
Explain how natural language processing can improve customer service.
Create a poem about the changing of the seasons.
"Describe the concept of ""user interface design""."
Compose a haiku poem about a summer day.
What is the scientific definition of metabolism?
Create a list of five questions about the ocean
Create a list of potential problems with online shopping.
Generate a short story with a climax and resolution.
How did the Industrial Revolution change society?
Design a minimalistic logo for a travel site
Suggest a method for teaching English as a second language to children.
"Generate a list of 10 relevant keywords for the writing prompt ""ways to reduce stress""."
Describe the weather today in Boston.
Provide a list of 5 best practices for designing user interfaces for mobile applications.
Suggest a creative dessert to make for a family gathering.
Analyze the benefits of digital marketing
Name three common elements of a screenplay.
Name two topics covered in a sociology course.
Describe the most useful feature of Google Translate
Suggest a way to speed up response time on web application.
Write a short story that is connected to the theme of courage.
Describe the importance of gravity in our daily lives
Which is the world's longest river?
Create an analogy that compares an eagle to a hurricane.
List three reasons why learning an additional language is beneficial
Describe the historical significance of Stonehenge.
What is the minimum wage in Mexico?
Create a slogan for a fast food restaurant.
What is the difference between primary and secondary sources?
Write a limerick about the beach.
Explain why loyalty programs are an effective part of customer retention.
List the names of the four oceans.
Find the sum of the numbers from 1 to 10.
Generate a realistic scenario involving two people talking.
Come up with a creative idea for a play that involves a war between two mythical creatures.
Find a creative way to write a 10-word poem.
Compare and contrast the Fahrenheit and Celsius scales for measure temperature.
Suggest a reading list for 8 year olds.
What should you do when you are stuck on a problem?
Compare democracy and autocracy.
Suggest three improvement strategies to increase the performance of a website.
Write a persuasive essay about the benefits of online education
List 5 methods for teaching new concepts to students.
Create an 8-word slogan for a company that sells organic shampoo.
Name some features of a popular operating system.
What does this emoji ☠️mean?
Find the 25th term of the sequence x_n = (3)^n
"Generate a new sentence based on the topic ""Dog training""."
Identify the key components of the five-paragraph essay structure.
Make a list of 5 foods that are native to Mexico.
Create a list of 10 tips to write a good book review.
Describe the setting of an enchanted forest.
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ceiling?
Describe the significance of keyword research in SEO.
"Evaluate the following argument: ""Having healthy snacks at work is a good motivation for employees."""
Generate a musical composition using a language model.
"Write a brief summary of the topic ""genetic engineering""."
Generate a short story having a character named Alice in a fantasy world.
Provide an example of an ethical conflict within a business setting.
Suggest an educational field trip for children
"Provide the definition of a ""festival""."
List the four elements of a cover letter.
Tell me one new word that you have learnt recently.
Create an algorithm to find the first repeating character in a string.
Devise a plan for creating a successful e-commerce business.
Explain the uses of a mobile application.
Summarize the latest news about the stock market.
List five logical fallacies.
Generate a story with a beginning and an end around the topic of friendship.
Design a logo with 3 symbols for a fictional cosmetics company.
Identify the differences between laptops and desktop computers.
Convert 4.888 to a fraction
Give an example of a product for which the Pareto principle can be applied.
"Convert the following sentence into active voice:

The beach was walked by me."
Calculate the equation 9+7
Offer an opinion on the problems that could arise from using AI.
Explain the concept of transfer learning in Artificial Intelligence.
Describe how the Internet of Things is used in the healthcare industry.
Create a list of steps to fix a grass stain
Give two examples of a species of animal found in Australia.
Make a list of healthy meal options to pack for lunch.
Describe your biggest accomplishment.
Name two health benefits of eating apples
Explain the concept of artificial intelligence in simple terms.
Write a detailed description of the Mona Lisa.
Give two synonyms of 'solution'
"Formulate a hypothesis about the following statement: ""Gender diversity in the workplace can improve productivity."""
Produce a story about a bear.
"Write a ""good luck"" message in response to an upcoming exam."
Convert 4 km to miles.
Find the legal age to drink alcohol in the United States.
Generate a query to search for information about the history of machine learning.
Name two buildings in the ancient city of Rome.
Summarize the short story “The Emperor’s New Clothes.”
Create a script that takes in integers and outputs their squares.
Can a GPT model answer open-ended questions?
Generate a list of steps to keep your laptop secure.
List 5 things that make a city great.
What is an API?
"Complete the following sentence: ""Yesterday it was raining, so I put on my ____."""
Explain the concept of an LSTM network.
Draft a guide to help students research for their essays.
Write an article on the importance of diversity.
"Rewrite the following sentence using synonyms:

""It was a sunny day"""
"Construct a sentence that contains the word ""august"""
List five mobile app features
Describe the process of carbon cycle in Earth’s atmosphere.
"Create a pun based on the word ""umbrella""."
Give an example of a person who demonstrates commitment to their work.
Describe the purpose of threadpools in Java.
Identify five properties of a helium atom.
Explain the concept of biological evolution.
Generate a fact about the London Eye.
"If my shoes are size 8, what is my foot length in inches?"
Name three common uses of Artificial Intelligence in the healthcare industry.
Create an original story about an elephant
"Generate a story with the following three words: cat, satellite, competition"
Explain why the color blue has been historically associated with sadness.
Generate a Visual Studio Code (vscode) command for formatting the document.
Name two methods to reduce air pollution
Provide two examples of movie genres.
Name two items that are nearly impossible to find in stores during the pandemic.
What is the result when 8 is added to 3 ?
"Identify the subject, verb and object in the sentence: She runs every morning."
Create a recipe for natural pest control for a garden.
Write a tweet using the hashtag #WorldEnvironmentDay
Who is the managing director of Apple?
Describe the color and texture of a new cotton shirt
Write a report about the advantages of using renewable energy sources.
Compare a decision tree to other types of machine learning algorithms
"Classify the following topic according to the academic disciplines given below.

Topic: The History of Football

Academic disciplines: Anthropology, Sociology, Political Science"
Write a query to find all the items in a database table with a price of $30 or less
Name three animals with webbed feet.
Recommend a popular book for a 12-year-old.
Generate a design for a professional logo for a tutoring business.
Summarise the main points of Marie Curie's contribution to science.
Write a poet about a journey of life.
"Create a class that supports mathematical operations (+, -, *, /)"
"Convert the sentence from present tense to past tense:

""I am reading a book"""
What are the 5 most common colors in nature?
Provide five examples of companies that use machine learning.
Generate a list of 10 unique methods to conserve water.
Is the following sentence true or false? Humans can breathe underwater.
Name two government policies that could be effective in reducing pollution.
"Rewrite this sentence in the future tense: ""I am going to the store"""
Describe the main elements of a political system.
"Pick the correct grammatical category for the word ""good""."
Write a story about a magical being who is disliked by others.
Please explain what is anomaly detection and its applications.
What are the benefits of using a ladder in the workplace?
Give an example of a famous artwork created by Pablo Picasso.
"Evaluate the effectiveness of the ""Go Green"" campaign"
"Create a movie review for ""Avengers: Endgame"""
"Construct a definition for the term ""AI."""
Tell me what is the best kind of food for a party.
"Provide the opposite of ""dark"""
Come up with three benefits of using a virtual assistant.
Name 5 common asthma triggers.
What are the major challenges associated with using Artificial Intelligence in healthcare?
What do you think is the major cause of climate change?
"Edit this sentence: ""Name your all time favorite classic movie."""
Name five types of species that live in the desert
Describe how the color red looks
Create five realistic example applications that could make use of artificial intelligence.
"Construct a grammatically correct sentence using the words ""Sue"", ""hill"", and ""run"""
Make a list of 5 action items that need to be completed to get a degree.
"Change the sentence from present continuous to past continuous: ""I am studying for my exam."""
Identify three measures that can be taken to mitigate climate change.
Write a short dialogue between two people about their travel plans.
Write a css code to display an element with a red background and green font.
"Which color is darker, orange or blue?"
Explain in a few sentences what is the difference betweeen SSL/TLS and HTTPS.
"Generate a sentence in which the verb is ""teach""."
Tell me about the different kinds of financial institutions.
Write a weather report for tomorrow.
Search online and summarize the current market trends for cars in the United States.
Provide a few examples of homophones.
Find 3 acronyms related to artificial intelligence
List the six states in the New England region of the United States
Generate an example visa application for a student.
Come up with three creative ways to encourage people to buy environmentally friendly products.
Is it ethical to splice genes of animals?
Create a sentence that uses a metaphor to describe the beauty of a sunrise.
Generate an employee feedback based on performance.
"Generate an English idiom that captures the idea of ""moving on quickly""."
Why should you learn Python?
Design an informative brochure about the importance of recycling.
Convert the following number from base 10 to hexadecimal: 278
Please tell me the maximum number of continents in the world.
Create a deterministic finite automata that accepts all strings ending in 010.
Identify what color a banana would most likely be associated with.
Describe the uses of artificial intelligence technology in medicine.
Suggest an environmentally friendly way to travel from Washington D.C. to New York City.
Come up with five creative strategies to market a new e-book.
Assign a numerical value to the following supply chain management metric: customer satisfaction.
Introduce the idea of Open Source Software
Explain how friction affects a car's performance.
"Write a story that begins with the sentence: ""As he looked out into the horizon, he saw..."""
"Explain the relationship between the nouns and pronouns in the sentence ""Jennifer shared the simple recipe with Tom and she."""
Formulate a hypothesis about why we need to conserve water resources.
What information could you give to help me understand the process of creating a podcast?
Suggest five tactics for increasing website conversions.
Create a funny poem about the sea.
List five types of musical instruments used in symphony orchestras
Find a creative way to promote a business.
Come up with a slogan for a pet grooming business.
Describe how Plato's theory of forms explains the concept of justice.
"Please analyze the following quote, ""A person's true wealth is the good they do in the world""."
Create an exercise routine to do in the morning.
Generate a Python script to create a list of all unique characters from a given string.
What are the 5 most powerful countries in the world based on total GDP?
Classify a given type of sports: basketball.
Name five plants that grow in rainforests.
Name some of the most used programming languages for AI.
What is the difference between a “variable” and a “constant” in computer programming?
Name three common validation techniques used in Machine Learning.
Provide the top three stops visited by a hypothetical user on their tour along the Grand Trunk Road in India.
What is the best way to implement security on a server?
Explain the difference between a US senate and a US house of representatives.
"Give the Spanish translation for ""fox""."
Describe a situation that demonstrates a strong sense of leadership.
Create a log-in system for a website.
"On a scale of 1 to 10, rate the importance of time management."
"Given the following words, describe a situation in which the following words are important: trust, loyalty, commitment"
Identify and define the parts of a cell.
Create a tweet that showcases the importance of taking regular breaks.
Write 3 tips for dealing with stress.
Name three vegetables high in Vitamin C.
Compare and contrast the features of an iPhone 11 and an Android phone.
What is the easiest way to make a cup of coffee?
"Create a 3-4 sentence story using the following words: ship, storm, rope."
Design a voice interface for ordering a pizza.
What is the maximum size of the input for language models?
What is the time signature of 3/4?
Analyze how 2020 impacted the food industry.
Provide a new example for a simile.
Generate a hashtag that describes the value of education.
Explain the economic impact of an increasing global population.
Explain the utility of blockchain in data security.
Explain why Socrates was put on trial.
Design a game to teach children to recognize shapes.
Generate a list of 10 items for a survival kit
Describe the function of the mitochondria in human cells.
Generate a valid CSS program to make the font color of a website's headline red
Give a story of a time when you were faced with a difficult problem and had to use your resourcefulness to solve it.
Identify two major environmental concerns related to ocean pollution.
Write a comparison between cats and dogs
Brainstorm creative ideas for designing a conference room.
Identify a famous artist from the 20th century
Generate a plausible sentence about a dystopian world
Suggest two ways a business can cut costs
Generate a story about a conflict between two siblings.
Develop a system to generate content for a blog
Describe the different aspects of a programming language.
Generate an expository paragraph about the topic of global warming.
Explain how wireless technology has impacted human life.
What is the main reason why a company may choose to use cloud computing?
Suggest five books that are suitable for teenagers.
What is a word that is the opposite of 'expensive'?
"Write a sentence using an antonym of the word ""logical""."
How does gravity affect the motion of an object?
What methods can be used to improve the accuracy of machine learning models?
Come up with 3 strategies to predict consumer trends?
Name two agents of socialization
Give me the date of the first human test flight of the Wright Flyer.
Generate a random 5-digit code.
Elaborate on customer experience management in the retail industry.
Create a 5-step process to create an online portfolio.
Construct a limerick about robots.
Provide an example sentence with the word 'enigmatic' in it.
Give the top three medical uses for aspirin.
Design an effective solution for an efficient way for commuters to travel.
Calculate the sales tax for a purchase of $45.
"Summarize the meaning of the acronym ""API""."
Explain why using a combination of primary and secondary research is important when conducting market research.
Compare and contrast the systems of government in France and the United Kingdom
What’s the legal drinking age in the U.S.?
Give two examples of unethical business practices.
Identify two jobs require use of a laptop computer.
Generate code to prompt a user to enter their name
Explain what is DeepFake technology.
What type of data structure is the Heap data structure?
Calculate the perimeter of an equilateral triangle with side lengths of 5
Come up with a quiz question and the correct answer.
How does artificial intelligence assist in medical diagnosis?
Convert 45 minutes to seconds.
Generate a descriptive paragraph of an outdoor cafe.
"Rearrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence: do, why, you, like."
Generate a public service announcement about the importance of recycling
Produce a list of solutions for improving online security.
Generate a headline for a scientific paper on climate change.
Come up with three titles for a story about a single father struggling with depression.
Write a Python program to insert an element into a sorted list.
Explain the implications of artificial intelligence on the natural environment.
Create a haiku that describes the feeling of freedom.
Name three qualities an effective leader should have.
"Given the following sentence, find an appropriate verb to insert at the beginning: ""it, human interaction can become much more efficient"""
Name 5 famous painters from the 21th century.
Create a new colour scheme
What are the advantages of using a Scrum Agile methodology?
What is the fundamental principle of quantum mechanics?
What is the most important step in the machine learning process?
Identify three characteristics of a cloud-based business model.
Provide an example of a word that is an antonym of the word 'calm'
Name the 3 main components of an atom.
"What is the name of a fictional character from the movie, Captain Marvel?"
Give ten examples of how virtual reality can be used in education.
Give me a list of people who have won the Nobel Prize in Physics
Explain why the disruption of the earth's ionosphere can affect communication.
Create an HTML code to generate a table with 5 columns and 7 rows.
Explain the concept of Boolean logic.
Compare and contrast the medicinal uses of ginger and garlic.
Name 3 social media sites.
Create a short story featuring a movie star as a main character.
How can I get rid of dust mites in my house?
Summarize what the Periodic Table of Elements is.
Give an example of a bias that could exist in an AI algorithm.
Suggest an activity to learn more about the animal biodiversity.
Generate a play by play summary of the baseball game between the Chicago Cubs and the Los Angeles Dodgers
Compile a list of 5 habits to boost creativity.
Devise a strategic plan for a fashion brand to increase its online presence.
"Age the following sentence: ""It was a beautiful day outside""."
Create an outline for a research paper on the effects of social media on mental health.
Write a classification essay about pet animals.
What would you do if you had access to unlimited resources?
Suggest a possible side effect of smoking.
Generate a list of to-dos for the upcoming weekend.
Name three European countries with a population below 10 million.
Give a reason why it is a bad idea to wait until the last minute to start an assignment.
Generate a descriptive paragraph about Mt. Everest
Create an example sentence for the phrase 'baffle the audience'.
Generate a headline for a news article about the current rise in poverty.
What is the average temperature in winter in Antarctica?
"Complete the sentence: ""The light of the moon _____________."""
Describe a typical day for an accountant
"In a sentence, describe how a company can measure customer satisfaction."
Describe a Renaissance painting in detail.
Generate a list of tools required for the task of making a chair.
Propose a system design for a virtual assistant which can adapt to its user's needs.
Generate an argument for why a person should volunteer in their community.
Generate five adjectives to describe a sunny summer day.
"Construct a data structure that stores the following information: A student's name, grade level and contact information."
"Come up with a name for a dessert that is gluten-free, vegan, and has blueberries."
Create a prototype of a mobile application for tracking medication compliance.
Write a limerick poem
Describe the economic effects of Brexit.
Find the sum of the first 30 positive integers.
What is the average number of days a person spends in the hospital after heart surgery?
Describe why you would like to work for this company.
What are the benefits of using the cloud for software development?
Weigh the pros and cons of protectionism.
Describe the emerging trends in web performance optimization.
Edit this sentence to use proper English: I dont think so
List the top 5 diseases in the United States of America.
Write a high-level explanation of what a neural network is.
Create a hotel reservation system in pseudocode.
Compare and contrast the characters of Sherlock Holmes and Watson
Write a function to convert a given string to uppercase.
"Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:

The more active an employee is in their job position, the better the overall results will be."
Generate two data points for a Bar chart
Write two adjectives to describe a rose.
Name five professions related to medicine.
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Community colleges offer more economical tuition than four-year universities.
Name the most important components of a computer.
What is the most effective type of visualization supported by data science?
Design a digital photo album for a special occasion.
What is the estimated global population in 2021?
What is the period of the sun's orbit around the Milky Way?
Provide a list of 4 funny movies.
Come up with a creative way to make art out of recycled materials.
Create any trivia question
"To what type of sentence does the word ""once"" belong?"
Generate a 3-sentence story containing the characters: A third-grade teacher and a rabbit
"Identify the parts of speech in the following sentence:
The dog chased the cat across the street."
Create a 3-step process for planning a party
List 3 reasons why people use chatbots
Create a numeric expression that equals 9 when evaluated.
Explain what a Volcanic Eruption is.
Create a task list of 5 steps to monetize a blog
Generate a concise but meaningful goodbye message
"Each day, we spend more time in front of a computer than outside. Write a text that captures this idea."
"Construct a complex sentence using the words “shimmer”, “keepsake”, and “breadth”"
How does the presence of oceanic heat storage affect the climate?
Formulate a hypothesis for why white foods may be unhealthy
Describe the pros and cons of using an open source software.
"Identify the main theme of the following poem:

""I'd climb a hill so high,
That I could touch the stars in the sky,
And I'd watch the birds fly by"""
Write about a way to protect the environment.
"Explain the meaning of the phrase “garbage in, garbage out” as it relates to computers."
Describe a way to introduce yourself at a job interview.
Generate a list of 5 skills that a data scientist should have.
Analyze the impact of climate change on ocean levels.
Write a short description of your house
Create an analogy that explains the concept of data mining.
"Analyze the article ""The Social Media Revolution""."
List three things that a person should bring to a job interview.
Answer the following question: How can renewable energy be used to combat climate change?
Identify one advantage of using electric cars
What advice would you give someone who wants to start a business?
"In the following sentence, describe the mood of the protagonist:

He was walking home late at night, feeling scared and alone"
Suggest a way to ask a friend to help you study for an upcoming test.
Create a logo for a new pet food brand
How long did the US Revolutionary War last?
"Reconstruct the following sentence with different words while keeping the same meaning: ""He grabbed his snack and went to the park."""
What is the syntax for creating an instance of a class in Python?
"Summarize the fairytale ""The Little Mermaid"" in one sentence."
Give me a list of five spices and their uses.
How can I create a healthier lifestyle for myself?
Compare and contrast natural language processing with natural language understanding.
"Change the verb in the following sentence: ""The children walked to school."""
Cite a quote from a famous person about courage.
Generate a list of appropriate questions to ask an applicant who is applying for a job as an editor.
Name three main customers of a delivery service.
Identify the direct object in the sentence: She was singing a song
"What is the meaning of the idiom ""a square peg in a round hole""?"
Name at least four reasons why communism could be a desirable country.
Describe a voyage to an island.
"Generate a sentence using the following input words: squirrel, pickles, cottage."
Summarize what type of economic policy is pursued by the United States government.
Recognize the homophones of the following word: car
"Paraphrase the sentence: ""The school requires students to attend classes five days a week"""
"Summarize the following book: ""1984"" by George Orwell."
Create 20 questions about the topic of space exploration.
Identify ways to reduce global warming.
What strategies can be used in order to reduce water pollution?
Describe a situation where body language can help facilitate understanding.
Suppose you are designing a voice interface for a cooking application. Give me a specific example of how a user might initiate an action.
List three elements of a successful brand.
What countries were members of the Axis Powers in World War II?
Give an example of a market opportunity with blockchain technology.
Create a list of precautions that people should take during a hurricane.
Explain the process of wind erosion.
"Summarize the core theme of the poem ""Ozymandias"" by Percy Bysshe Shelley"
Synthesize a sentence that contains two adverbs and two adjectives.
Write a 200-character story about a young boy's first experience with a physical challenge.
Create a timeline of the most important events in the history of modern dance
Brainstorm 5 ways to reduce stress.
List five contributions of Ancient Greece to modern-day life.
"Explain how to calculate the median of a set of numbers.
Output should be less than 100 words."
Replace the word “confident” with an antonym.
Refute the following claim: Fruits are not healthy snacks.
"Generate a list of keywords for a search engine optimization campaign targeting ""coffee machines""."
Describe a landform that is found in deserts.
"Explain the origin of the saying ""it's like herding cats""."
Explain how to obtain the square root of a number
Generate a list of ideas for creating an effective advertisement about a new mobile service for children.
List three benefits that AI can provide in healthcare
Make a list of materials required to build a model aircraft
Describe the difference between an artificial neural network and a GPT model.
Which 3 vegetables contain the most vitamins?
"Rewrite this sentence in a more concise way:
""I'm feeling kind of tired after having worked all day."""
"Generate a joke using the words ""cheese"", ""elephant""."
What is the primary benefit of using AI in healthcare?
Find the biggest risk of information security
Search for information about the latest movie by Steven Spielberg.
List five African countries.
Create a timeline showing the development of the car industry in the United States.
"Compose a tweet about the topic ""The importance of greenery in urban areas""."
Describe a scenario in which AI technology can help diagnose a medical condition.
Write a short haiku poem that reflects our current emotional state.
Create a multiple choice question about world geography.
"Reverse engineer this phrase: ""to the opposite direction"""
"Change the following sentence so its meaning remains intact:
""The Professor told that the class had to study hard."""
Provide instructions on how to accurately perform a bicep curl.
Develop a machine learning algorithm to identify spam emails.
What strategies can you suggest for managing team dynamics between different personalities?
How does the greenhouse effect work?
Design a billboard that appeals to people who prefer healthy eating habits.
Create an algorithm to check for palindromes.
Generate a comparison of two historical figures
Construct a creative analogy for the concept of resilience.
Write an essay about the role of technology in education.
Create a persuasive advertisement for running shoes.
Write 3 examples of sentences containing alliteration.
Trace the shape of an octagon on a piece of paper.
Generate a valid C++ code to print out a two-dimensional array
What type of word is “balloon”?
Write a short line of dialogue for a person who has just lost their best friend.
Provide a plan to improve the environment of your local park.
Create a list of 10 creative ways to use a hammer.
Create a protocol for cleaning a kitchen.
Describe a situation in which someone has to take a difficult decision
"Explain the concept of ""locus of control""."
Analyze the historical context of the American Revolution.
Describe in a paragraph what you would do if you ran the world.
Name five ways to stay safe online.
Propose a solution for reducing global warming.
Describe the Mechanism of Enzymes.
Write a report outlining the benefits of solar energy.
Describe the rules of chess.
What advantages does social media have over traditional advertising?
Write a description of an electric car.
Identify the theme in the story “The Little Prince.”
"Rewrite the sentence so that it is negative: ""The ocean is calm today"""
What is the atomic symbol for Carbon?
"Generate a four-word motto with the words ""power"", ""courage"", ""dream"" and ""hope""."
Name one well-known instance of AI.
List differences between American and British English.
Describe the concept of personal branding.
Describe three qualities of good customer service.
Make a list of 3 reasons why sleep is important.
I have a 3-year-old daughter - can you suggest a good book for her to read?
Explain why renewable energy sources are important.
Describe the advantages of using machine learning in medical research.
Identify the landmark built in 1060 near Athens.
Describe three things you could do to make your community a better place.
What kind of plants prefer sandy soil?
Describe the thermal structure of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Generate a quiz with 5 MCQs about computers.
"Given a binary tree, check if it is a binary search tree?"
Write pseudocode for a program to calculate the average of a list of numbers.
"Describe the implications of the following statement: ""Next month winter will be over."""
Record the temperature for the following week.
Generate a fashion outfit for a summer day.
What are some positive qualities of a leader?
Generate an example of a difficult decision someone might have to make.
Describe the rule of three in economics.
Create a program that can play tic-tac-toe against a human player.
How would you reduce the cost of production?
"Create a research question related to the topic, ""The Effects of Social Media on Mental Health""."
Identify the common characteristics of a healthy diet.
Generate a list of activities that can be done at the park.
Construct a Boolean expression to decide whether a number is divisible by 5.
Name 3 items that cannot be recycled.
Read this input and come up with examples of different types of literary works
Generate a title for a story about a person who interviews for a job.
How can artificial intelligence (AI) help reduce healthcare costs?
"Edit the following sentence:

The man was walking to the store quick"
Explain how artificial intelligence can be used to shape the future of marketing
Analyze and predict the future trend for a particular industry
How many hours is 1.4 days.
Answer this trivia - How many sides does a pentagon have?
Construct an algorithm for calculating prime numbers.
Analyze the benefits and concerns of using artificial intelligence.
Analyze the relationship between economic status and crime in the United States.
Generate a business strategy for a coffee shop
Describe an experience of failure.
Write a script for handling customer phone calls.
Detect the typos in the following sentence: I like to bak cakes.
Generate a list of potential questions for an interviewee who is applying for a job as a data analyst.
Design an invoice template using HTML.
What is the unit of temperature used in the SI system?
Write short description about game of chess
"In the context of GPT models, what is a language model?"
"What does the phrase ""leave no stone unturned"" mean?"
Create a program that analyses the sentiment of articles.
"Describe a character named ""John"" in 3 sentences."
How would you explain the concept of a blockchain to someone who has not heard of it before?
Provide two tips on how to improve decision-making skills.
"Analyze the following sentence and identify the subject, the verb, and the object: ""Robots can learn quickly."""
Describe a winter morning
Generate a news headline about a recent event.
Describe a sunset in five sentences.
"Compare and contrast the two different communication methods, email and telephone."
"Explain the implications of the phrase ""knowledge is power""."
Name the three main components of natural language processing
Create a list of four healthy alternatives to chocolate.
What are some ways to be more efficient?
Identify the types of renewable energy resources
What is the purpose of the producer-consumer pattern in computer science?
Describe in two sentences the difference between a programming language and a markup language
Pick five words related to the term 'spring'.
Research a scientific discovery from the past decade.
Compute the sum of the prime numbers from 2 to 19.
What are three challenges a commuter might face?
Give 5 strategies to prevent bullying in the workplace.
What are the benefits of using a cloud storage system?
Create a table comparing different mobile phones.
Create a Keras model that takes in 5 inputs and has five outputs
List the steps involved in creating a website.
"Translate ""Hello my friend"" into German."
Provide a list for the 7 wonders of the ancient world
What is the difference between a Neural Network and a Deep Learning model?
Create a query to calculate the average sale price for a product in 2016
Generate a set of random numbers
Write three comparison points for automobiles and bicycles.
What is a quadratic equation
"Translate the following phrase from English to Spanish

""There is no place like home"""
"Find the next number in the following series: 8, 4, 2, 1"
"Recognize the purpose of the following piece of code: int a, b; a = 5; b = a+1;"
Explain one of the ethical considerations for machine learning models.
Name one example of unstructured data.
Write one paragraph (5-7 sentences) about the impact of digital media on education.
Describe the importance of user feedback in software development.
Write down a possible use case of a voice assistant.
Compose a humorous poem
Name one reason why people use a virtual private network (VPN).
Describe the structure of the ocean floor.
List three Mediterranean countries
Describe a personal experience of racial injustice.
List five products or services that use blockchain technology.
Identify 5 different shapes.
Give examples of data types.
Generate a simile to describe a person's eye color.
Design an experiment to determine the efficiency of a wind turbine in different wind speeds.
Name 5 Broadway musicals
Create a mnemonic for remembering the colors of the rainbow.
What is the scoping rule of a variable?
"Provide the main character feature for the novel ""Lord of the Flies""."
Calculate the surface area of a cone with a radius of 5 and a height of 10.
Construct a query that returns information about the Eiffel Tower.
Name two products made from animals.
Identify the color of a banana.
Describe the taste of fresh oranges
Generate two meaningful sentences about computer programming.
"In one sentence, explain the concept of 'social media'."
"Create a unique instance of the word ""beauty"" using a simile."
Generate a conversation about the importance of studying for school.
Create a tagline for a product that helps consumers save money.
Name two benefits of having a pet cat
"Generate a sarcastic response to the following statement: ""I’m the best basketball player on the team."""
Generate a few examples of how a person can use AI in their daily life
Generate a double entendre.
Analyze why the stock market has experienced a surge in the past month
Create a new use for an older phone
Name three services offered by a bank.
List 3 diseases that are caused by polluted air
"Model a complex sentence, with ""although"" and a noun clause."
Write a short description of an AI system.
Create a MySQL query to select all the data from a `customer` table.
What is the risk of using a credit card for online purchases?
Name a popular product manufactured by Apple.
"Paraphrase the following sentence: ""It will have an immense impact""."
Identify a technology related to artificial intelligence.
Summarize the upcoming weather
Generate an article about the recent breakthrough in gene editing.
List three common uses for machine learning in finance.
Make a list of ten items that could be purchased at a hardware store.
What is the chemical formula of Ascorbic Acid?
Summarize how your country has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Explain how social media affects our daily lives.
How much distance could a car drive in 4 hours if it runs at 25 mph?
Write a tweet about artificial intelligence.
Describe the motion of a ball rolling off the edge of a table.
Generate a program in Python to find the median of a list.
"Re-write the following sentence to make it consistent with standard English grammar: ""He ain't do nothing."""
Provide an example of a use case for a voice controlled digital assistant.
"Classify the following sentence as declarative, interrogative, imperative, or exclamatory:
""What is the highest peak in the world?"""
Is the following statement true or false? Cats cannot taste sweet food.
"From the given options, classify the following word as a noun, verb, adjective, or adverb.
Word: Cautiously"
Generate a memorable theme for a virtual party.
What is the five step process of content creation?
Construct a database that can store customer information.
Create a story about a group of animals traveling to a distant land.
Name 3 professions that use computers for their everyday tasks.
Explain the concept of Markov Chain
List five genetic diseases.
Provide an example of an artificial intelligence (AI) application currently in use.
Write a poem of 8 lines that captures the feeling of a sunrise.
Develop an algorithm to identify fraudulent transactions.
Comparatively explain online shopping and in-store shopping.
"If you had $10,000 to invest in a startup, what type of business would you choose?"
Compute the value of the following equation: 4+4/4
"Complete the following sentence:

""Technology has changed the way people _____________"""
Generate a story about a person who is stuck in the past.
Propose a plan for reduced consumption of fossil fuels
"Create a list of three animals starting with the letter ""a""."
Compose a song that tells a story
Write five pros of online education.
Describe what Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder is.
"What type of language is ""HTML""?"
Provide an example of an allegory.
Compare the perceptual and cognitive processes.
"Construct a haiku poem using the following words: moon, river, and heart."
Imagine you are at a job interview. Make a list of three possible questions you could be asked.
Describe the conventions used in MLA style for in-text citations.
Explain the difference between a hard disk and a solid state drive.
Suggest a suitable card game for a birthday party with 10 year old kids.
"Create an anagram for the word ""penguin""."
Name a restaurant serving Italian food in the city of Las Vegas
Come up with an example of how AI can be applied in the medical field.
Create a Java Class that has three methods.
Generate an example of a job offer letter.
Discuss two ways to help the environment.
Explain why an organization should invest in digital marketing
Explain to me why machine learning is better than traditional programming.
"Classify the following sentence as belonging to Fiction or Non-Fiction: ""The Soviet Union launched the Sputnik satellite in October 1957."""
Generate a headline for an article about a new app called 'Dog Walker'.
Create a sentence about the history of France
Write a story about a cat that can walk on two legs.
How did the Battle of Waterloo change European history?
"What is the longitude and latitude of Beijing, China?"
Explain the definition of a balanced diet.
Outline the steps for cleaning and sanitizing a kitchen.
What is Newton's first law of motion?
Describe the flavor profile of a single-origin chai tea
Identify four different types of healthy eating habits.
"Subdivide the category ""living things"" into 3 distinct groups."
Come up with an original name for a bakery.
Name a game that two kids can play indoors during the summer.
Develop a budgeting app for a household.
"Reformat the following sentence to make it succinct:

The car which was in the parking lot put too much dirt on the street when it sped away."
Write a few sentences about a meaningful learning experience from the past
Solve this equation:  2n + 5 = 19
Name three reasons why it is important to save water.
Explain how to solve a Sudoku puzzle in three steps.
Which day of the week is today?
Suggest a way of promoting physical activity among teens.
Offer two ways a person can manage their time better.
"Is the number 4,310,234 divisible by 6?"
Research about the history of the city of Tokyo and generate a summary of key facts.
Make a list of 5 materials that can be recycled.
Retrieve three famous quotes related to hope
"Design a logo for a restaurant called ""The Italian Kitchen""."
How much do you know about Buddhism?
What is the most important digital transformation strategy currently used by well-known companies?
Describe a problem you solved with a coding project.
List three key points about the US economy.
List three examples of a non-verbal communication.
Provide a sentence displaying the definition of 'creative writing'.
Create a new name for a school mascot based on the lion.
Tell me about the famous sites in New York City
Name two nations that compete in the FIFA World Cup
Show me a 3D visualization of a car.
Identify the elements of a crime
"Explain what a ""fiscal deficit"" is."
List 3 of the most common metals used in the manufacturing of cars.
Compare the diets of a vegan and a carnivore.
Name the countries that are part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
Explain how genetic drift can lead to evolution.
"Identify the language of the text ""Buonasera, il mio nome e Giuseppe."""
Generate a list of hypothetical outcomes that could arise due to climate change.
Generate a product slogan for a pet shop.
Make a painting of a sea turtle.
Compare the healthcare systems in the US and the UK.
What technology is used when sending an email?
What would you suggest for a healthy and well-balanced diet?
Name a similarity between orca whales and dolphins.
Interpret the meaning of the phrase 'a blessing in disguise'.
Write an article about the advantages of using a GPT model for natural language understanding.
How does the endocannabinoid system affect the immune system?
Create two questions related to computer networking.
How could we improve the user experience of the website?
"Translate the sentence ""El agua es importante"" into English."
Explain why there is a need for regulation around the use of AI?
Generate a list of four vitamins and their corresponding benefits
Name one popular movie from the year 2000.
Name the software engineering design pattern and give the definition of it.
Name four Beatles albums.
Create a job title for a person specializing in green energy.
"Complete the sentence: If it rains tomorrow, we will _______."
Create a software program to simulate a carnival ride
Pick an example of an animal that is a primary consumer.
What would happen if one twin traveled to outer space and the other stayed on Earth?
Develop a strong brand identity for a new tech start-up.
Create a timeline of the events that happened during World War II.
Write a command in Spanish to order a cup of tea
Build a bucket list of five activities.
Name five countries whose official language is Spanish
Write an introduction for a blog about the importance of financial literacy.
Give a few examples of virtual assistants.
Compare and contrast the differences between the United States and Japan.
Tune a 6-string acoustic guitar.
Create a headline for an article on the benefits of physical activity.
Name five U.S. presidents
Estimate how many galaxies the universe has.
Create a dialogue between a customer and a waiter.
Compare and contrast culture in the U.S. and in the U.K.
Generate a new city name.
"Create a logo that conveys innovative, creative and cutting-edge technology."
Describe the impact of global warming on the environment.
Formulate a multiple choice question about American government politics.
"Convert the following time to UTC, 12:30 pm Pacific time."
Generate an appropriate passphrase for a security system using three random words.
Make a list of all the pets that can be kept in an apartment.
Summarize what is the consumer price index (CPI).
Write a story about a brave knight who is on a quest to save the world from evil forces.
Create a conclusion paragraph for a persuasive essay on the importance of voting.
Name three objects that have mass.
Add 5 items to a grocery shopping list.
"Find the largest number among the following numbers: 5, 10, 3, 7"
Compare and contrast hydraulic and electrical brakes.
Suggest two ways to conserve energy
What chemical reaction occurs when baking soda and vinegar are mixed?
Create a new word that expresses something positive.
Construct four queries for a search engine.
What three ingredients do you need to make a quesadilla?
Suggest 3 strategies for reducing the negative effects of global warming.
"Generate five new words using the prefix ""micro""."
When was the first Apple computer released?
"Generate a novel story that starts with the following sentence:

He had a spare ticket to the show."
"Write the definition of ""integrity""."
Give me an example of how a manager can build trust with their team.
"Classify this article (""Soy, or soja, is a type of bean originating in East Asia, and is becoming increasingly popular worldwide"") as either fact or opinion."
Come up with an example that demonstrates the use of irony.
Develop a marketing plan for a cosmetics company.
Generate a positive quote about success.
I'm going to buy a car. What is the most important factor I should consider?
Classify the following sentence: She cooked a delicious dinner
"Retrieve the definition of ""networking"" from a reliable source."
Create a spreadsheet in Google Sheets with 4 columns and 4 rows.
Brainstorm five companies that could benefit from AI technology.
Describe the concept of query optimization.
What is the role of a data scientist?
List 3 popular trends right now
Give an example of a historical event that changed the world.
Explain the significance of the Battle of Gettysburg.
How does Newton’s second law of motion describe force?
Explain the difference between modal and non-modal dialogs.
Develop a plan to build customer loyalty.
State two benefits of living in a small town.
Cite the main advantages of object-oriented programming.
Tell me how to describe the color blue.
"Find the most suitable synonym for ""incredible""."
Create 3 questions to ask the GPT model.
Are atoms made up of protons and neutrons?
Design a software program that auto completes data entry on a form.
Analyze the effects of Bretton Woods System.
Explain why proper nutrition is important for healthy living.
"Identify the main subject of the following sentence: ""The old man went fishing."""
"Consider this quote: ""The power of imagination makes us infinite."" Analyze the meaning of these words."
Compose a persuasive essay discussing the merits of a plant-based diet.
"Construct a story that illustrates the phrase ""A ripple effect""."
Name a popular Japanese comfort food.
Define what a neural network is.
Describe someone you admire
"Rewrite the phrase ""brave new world"""
Write a generic query to retrieve the total number of documents in a given collection.
Write a brief description of fireworks.
Research the HubSpot platform and create a short summary of its capabilities
List five American sports teams
Assume you are a farmer. Summarize the benefits of planting your own crops.
List five books about artificial intelligence
Compare and contrast Social Networking and Blogging.
Describe how the use of technology in education has changed in the past years.
Suggest five types of discounts a company can offer to its customers.
List three people who have had a significant impact on the world.
Suggest tips for saving money.
Provide a statistic about global warming.
Think of a joke involving an apple.
Simplify this equation: 18x + 12 / 6
Describe a cloud-computing system.
"Provide a translation of this sentence: ""El tren llegó a la estación."""
Generate a three line rhyme using the word 'fire.'
Explain how touch screen technology works.
Name three things that a first-time traveler should consider.
Create a headline for an online blog article about a struggling high school student.
"Complete the following sentence: Life is not about finding yourself, it’s about _____ ."
Write a review for a book of your choice.
Suggest a potential algorithm to predict the presence of an illness based on the patient's medical symptoms.
Summarize the concept of deep learning in a few sentences.
Generate a funny joke using the keyword 'teacher'.
"Unscramble the following code ""XIBQCVU""."
Compare and contrast news magazines and daily newspapers.
Generate a meaningful and detailed description of a house.
Summarize the legal requirements for setting up a business in California.
Identify two downfalls of using public transportation.
Give a detailed explanation of why Python is an ideal language for data analysis.
Make a listing of the top 5 most successful retail stores in the world.
Output a recipe for making a veggie sandwich.
"Identify any errors in the following Python code.

def say_hello(name):
    print(""Hello %s!"" % name)

say_hello(""John"")"
Combine two colors to create a new color and describe it.
"What does ""prompting language models"" refer to?"
Say something to cheer up a person who is feeling down.
Write an algorithm to calculate the perimeter of a rectangle.
Can you predict the stock market performance in the next three months?
List 5 differences between a bird and a fish
"Create a 10 second jingle that has a positive, uplifting tone."
How can you prevent fraud when making online payments?
Write a description of a forest at night.
Write a script of a dialogue between a store attendant and a customer who needs to exchange a product.
Generate two humorous sentences about a clown.
Design a categorization scheme for the different types of animals.
Describe the setting of a bar at 6pm on a typical Wednesday night.
What type of currency does the United Kingdom use?
Produce a report describing the current state of the economy.
Name some benefits of eating healthy.
Provide the name of a famous person who had a positive influence in the world.
Generate a creative name for a restaurant serving Mexican cuisine.
Write a task instruction that requires input and can be answered by a GPT model.
What could be a possible use case for a conversational AI assistant?
Name two ways to reduce stress in a high-pressure workplace.
"Create a real-world situation with the words ""pie"", ""notebook"", and ""penny""."
Write a list of three animals that fly.
Describe a zombie apocalypse in 2 sentences.
Describe a tool used for debugging a program.
"Generate a haiku with the words 'moonlight', 'heart' and 'glow'."
"Evaluate the following statement: ""Money is the key to happiness""."
Provide three uses of GPT-3.
"Explain the term ""capital gains tax"""
Write a sentence expressing the surprise of seeing a celebrity.
Describe what a marketing funnel is.
"Write a two-sentence review for the movie ""Star Wars: The Last Jedi""."
Come up with a title for a fictional novel about a scientist.
What is the most effective way of reducing the poverty rate in developing countries?
Generate a creative way of advertising a new razor product.
Generate a list of five interesting facts about Leonardo da Vinci.
Develop an argument to support the following claim: eliminating sugar from our diet is necessary to improve health.
Write a one-paragraph story about a person who failed after multiple attempts.
How was the coronavirus pandemic handled by the United States?
Make up a four line poem
Convert 25 km/h to miles per hour
Suggest a topic for a machine learning research
Imagine you are speaking with a customer who is unsatisfied with the product they bought from you. Construct a response that diffuses the situation.
Create a list of four characteristics of a good leader.
Gather 5 facts about the Roman Empire
Explain the importance of rest and recovery for sports performance.
Name an avant-garde artist.
Name two world renowned artists.
Explain why it is important to have meaningful conversations with your colleagues.
"Generate a new phrase using the words ""hyperdrive"" and ""glove""."
How does an decison tree algorithm work?
Write a sentence expressing the following sentiment: “It is necessary to think critically about the decisions we make.”
Collect information about the percentage of population who own a smartphone in three different countries
Construct a schedule for a daily exercise routine.
Find three facts about the American Revolution
"Back-translate the following sentence: ""The cat slept on the chair."""
Write a simile to describe a person who is hard-working.
Come up with an AI-powered solution to reduce food waste.
Name three famous figures who were contemporaries of Galileo Galilei.
Write a function to calculate the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two integers.
What is the surface area of a cube whose edges are 6 ft long?
Create a story about a dog that finds a magical portal.
Create a 5-step plan for taking a vegetarian meal
Generate a sentence that describes the power of speech
"If a sequence is a decreasing by 1 and the first number is 20, what is the tenth number in the sequence?"
Explain why workers in California have higher minimum wage.
Give instructions on how to build a website.
"Identify the type of fallacy in this statement: ""This problem isn't difficult, anyone can figure it out""."
Name two places where you can find fossils.
"Rewrite this sentence in passive voice:

He fixed the problem."
Write an obituary for a famous scientist
What is the most widely spoken language in the world?
Explain why buying local products is beneficial.
Name three ingredients that are used to make pizza.
Name five common types of pension funds
Make a list of five contrasting behaviors people demonstrate in different situations.
What is the name of Japanese prime minister?
Tell me why a banker would calculate loan interest rates.
How many sides does a hexagon have? Output the answer directly.
Explain the concept of the blockchain.
Write a paragraph about the benefits of using robots in day-to-day life.
Give an example of a fruit that has a tough outer skin.
"Translate the phrase ""les filles mangent"" into English."
"Summarize the book ""The Goldfinch"" by Donna Tartt"
Generate a 4-word proverb.
"Rewrite the following sentence using the passive voice:

She completed the task."
Scramble the letters 'rocisex' and name a word
Describe the trope of a tragic hero
"Generate an analogy for the phrase ""As bold as a lion."""
Create a speech that encourages people to donate to disaster relief programs.
Write an essay on the advantages of renewable energy.
"Is ""Their"" the correct pronunciation?"
What is the process for creating an online store?
Generate a list of topics that you could use to write a blog post on cryptocurrencies.
Create a programming syntax using any language to sort.
Describe what happens in a basic network configuration.
Explain what a distributed system is using an example.
"Design a quiz question with a chosen difficulty of ""hard""."
Create a voice command for a virtual assistant to set a phone reminder.
Name a vegetable that grows in the ground.
Write a metaphor to describe stress.
State the name and properties of the law of conservation of energy.
Create a song lyric about friendship.
Compile a list of 5 questions that could be used in a job interview for a customer service position.
Complete the following analogy: 'loving as patient as ____.'
Generate a sentence using at least six words beginning with the same letter.
Write a code that calculates the volume of a sphere.
Generate a statistic that compares the average shopping time online versus in-store.
"What does the phrase ""Do More With Less"" mean?"
Make a list of the three most impressive natural wonders in the world.
What strategies can organizations use to reduce waste?
Create a mood board for a tropical-themed room.
What is the latest news about the President?
"Translate the phrase ""Yechh"" into Hindi."
Suggest a strategy to prevent water spills on a kitchen countertop.
Tell me an interesting fact about the country which provided you with the highest education.
"Create a timeline of the major events in the novel ""The Great Gatsby""."
Analyze the differences between the words 'subsequent' and 'subsequenty'
Develop a strategy for managing a large project
Research what machine learning frameworks are available for GPT tasks.
"Summarize the following article in 90 words:


The internet of things (IoT) is the architecture of the digital world. It connects many devices like smartphones, laptops, and even home appliances, enabling them to communicate with each other. This connectivity enables people to remotely control and monitor the devices, unlocking potential for system scalability, customization, and automation. With IoT, users can easily track, automate, and optimize device performance and energy usage."
Create a machine learning algorithm to detect anomalous activity in a network.
You need to design a poster as part of a social campaign.
Identify the three benefits of using solar energy.
What is the one thing we should always ask permission for before sharing other people's content online?
Describe a use case for artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Describe how an automated system could be used to detect fraud.
"Create a sentence with specific syntactic structure ""Adj Noun likes Ving""."
Generate a search query for finding book recommendations for a 5-year-old
Generate a 5-digit random password.
What type of fruit would be a good addition to a fruit salad?
Describe the feeling of winning a big award.
Explain the basic components of an operating system.
Explain how artificial intelligence is impacting the aviation industry.
What type of job requires creativity?
Identify which city is the most populous in the United States.
Summarize the primary differences between the US and Canadian health care systems.
"You are given three words and you need to generate a joke from them. The three words are: lawyer, vampire, cellphone."
Generate potential steps for conducting a successful negotiation.
Set a reminder for tomorrow at 8am to call your mom.
Describe how the scientific method can be used to solve a real-world problem.
Generate a rhyming rap about the importance of education
Suggest a healthy breakfast recipe for a busy morning.
Generate some ideas on how to set a romantic mood.
Generate a letter to a friend.
"Construct a news headline using the adjectives excited, little, and fabulous."
How many moons does Jupiter have?
Generate a list of key topics to be discussed in a meeting.
Generate a list of 5 tips for reducing food waste.
Why is material science important?
Respond to the following question: “What is Germany’s largest port?”
Which elements make a successful business plan?
Describe an algorithm for calculating the maximum value of a given array
Create a 12-bar blues pattern in the key of A.
Calculate the probability of rolling heads 3 times in a row using a fair coin.
Construct an outline for persuasive speech about going green.
Compare and contrast software and hardware.
Describe a use case for an AI virtual assistant.
Write a novel about a swashbuckling pirate.
Find out the approximate surface area of a cylinder that has diameter of 6 inches and height of 10 inches
Write a Python function to print a Fibonacci sequence.
Create a political cartoon about gun violence.
Generate a hypothetical example of how GPT models can be useful in the medical field.
Generate a plausible headline for a news article related to the technology industry.
Generate an atmosphere for a horror scene.
Generate five keywords related to data analysis.
State 3 facts about monkeys
Generate a list of 5 important dates in US history.
Describe the history and design of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Introduce yourself in one sentence.
Which day is the two hundred thirty second day of the year?
How is the wave nature of matter explained in quantum mechanics?
Describe a time where you saw someone do something generous.
Name one method of data encryption.
"Group the following countries into continents:
Australia, Brazil, India, Mexico"
"Mix together half a teaspoon of baking soda, one teaspoon of salt and one teaspoon of lemon juice"
Research the differences between an object-oriented programming language and a procedural programming language.
Provide a list of 10 points about Maya Angelou.
What is the most important issue currently facing the global business community?
"Please rephrase this sentence: ""Computers need instructions from humans in order to work properly""."
Describe the experience of shopping in a department store.
Explain why certain materials are better for insulation
Name a famous scientist in the field of genetics.
Make a list of five features that define success.
Explain why it is important to stay hydrated.
Suggest a way to improve a public transportation system.
Describe how clouds are formed in three sentences.
Generate a list of qualities of a good chief executive officer (CEO).
Describe the air circulation of the North Atlantic Ocean
Append the following statement with a realistic example of an artificial intelligence technology.
Give an example of a data science use case for an airline.
List three ways to optimize your website for search engines.
"Write a cross-stitch pattern that says ""the future is bright""."
Find out the average salary for a Software Engineer in San Francisco.
Name the first five conveners of the United Nations
"Evaluate the expression ""3x + 2y"" when x is 5 and y is 3"
Generate a fitness routine
Write a joke that involves a carrot.
Outline a plan for addressing poverty in your community
Create an example of a storyboard related to the theme of outer space
Name one risk associated with dieting.
Create a story of a family trip
Write the code for printing a string in Python
Write a short story with the following prompt: A grandmother and her grandchild taking a walk in the park.
Summarize the Turing Test.
Generate a movie title combining two random nouns.
List five adjectives to describe a person with strong communication skills.
"Reword this sentence ""She goes to the store every day"""
Identify the key differences between an organic and inorganic compound.
"Categorize the following terms - Duct Tape, Belt, Shoelaces"
List five items to bring on a camping trip
Generate a completed thought
Generate a report summarizing the number of people unemployed in the European Union in the last quarter.
Write a short letter to your best friend and share some of your thoughts and feelings.
Generate a list of five tips to maintain healthy hair.
Describe the American Revolution.
Give me a general overview of Artificial Intelligence (AI).
Create a plan for editing a 1000-word essay.
Write a function in C++ to count the number of occurrences of a string inside a longer string.
Name 3 different methods for network segmentation.
Describe a possible application of GPT-3.
Name two significant political parties in India
Suggest a research paper topic related to international relations.
Do the following equation: 8 + 4 / 2
Identify two types of pollution that can lead to global warming.
Name five professional basketball teams.
Give an example of how civil engineering can help a community.
"Assess the validity of the following statement: ""Computers are more efficient than humans for data entry tasks."""
Make recommendations for how a business could reduce their environmental impact.
"Generate an example of an outrageous, but hilariously awkward pickup line."
Name one type of animal that lives in the ocean
Describe the key components of the Iterative Design Process?
Generate a list of creative storage solutions for a small bedroom.
Name five countries and their capitals.
Describe a method for improving writing skills.
Generate 5 examples of past participles.
What are the three basic components of computer hardware?
Describe the interior of a spaceship.
Offer a 3 step solution to fix a broken bike chain.
Name one kind of amphibian.
Evaluate the following expression: (6+2)*(2-2).
Classify this song as either upbeat or slow.
Generate a riddle about a tree.
Create a sentence that suggests irony.
Explain how modern technology has changed the education system.
Describe the purpose of the 1964 Civil Rights Act.
Analyze why the Industrial Revolution happened in England.
Calculate the BMI of someone with a weight of 20 kg and a height of 1m
Write an argument in favor of gun control laws.
Write a story involving a car accident
Generate a menu of lunch ideas.
Compute the derivative of 2x^2 + 5x.
How does the stock market work?
"Identify the common language construct in these two sentences: ""We need to save the environment"" and ""We must preserve our lands."""
What are the stereotypes about people from India?
Describe a medieval forest habitat and its inhabitants.
Divide 14 by 6
Give two examples of how machine learning can be used at a business.
Summarize the use case of a chatbot
Name a popular diet.
Develop a marketing strategy for a new product that incorporates two channels: email and social media
Explain the cause of World War II
Describe the role of the sun in the Earth's climate.
Brainstorm a list of 4 potential benefits to using AI in banking.
What are some advantages of economic specialization?
Make a list of the five most common types of investments.
Compare and contrast the effects of climate change and air pollution
"Edit the sentence to make it a declarative sentence: ""it is known""."
Generate the title for a workplace accident article.
Construct an algorithm to find the area of a triangle given its three side lengths.
What is the main source of energy for the human body?
Create a 5-sentence blog post about the benefits of using electric cars.
Compose a poem of 8 lines that emphasizes the beauty of nature.
"Please give the past participle of the verb ""drink""."
Calculate the probability of getting two heads in four coin tosses.
Find all the prime numbers between 20 and 30.
Name three aquatic animals.
Write a sentence explaining why a person should use a budget
Create a presentation to explain the impact of the internet on society.
Name three tropical birds.
Invent a new character and explain its role in a story.
Write a short motivational message for students preparing for an exam
Write 10 sports terms and their definitions.
What is the average atmospheric temperature on Jupiter?
Create a riddle involving animals.
Greet someone on their birthday.
"Make an anagram of the word ""empathy"""
Recommend a movie that is suitable for a family watch night.
What is important to remember when setting goals?
"Create a restaurant review rating the food, service, and atmosphere on a scale 1-10."
Design a survey to analyze customer sentiment about an online store.
"Identify the tense of this sentence: ""We are going to the movies."""
Name five popular movies from the 1990s.
Identify five ways to recycle plastic.
"Construct a new sentence using the given words

happy, sandwich, lunch"
Explain the impact of the coronavirus pandemic in two sentences.
Name three countries in Africa that are landlocked.
Describe a character who had once been successful but has since been in decline
Write a headline for a news article that summarizes the recent floods in Bangladesh.
Name a natural process which occurs in food preservation.
"What word best describes the definition of ""integrity""?"
Construct a database system to store customer records in a car dealership.
Generate 5 prompts for creative writing about the ocean
Give me a recommendation for a new novel.
Why is it important to consider variable types when programming?
Explain how artificial intelligence can benefit healthcare.
Generate an example of a data set with 100 records of customers and their corresponding occupations.
Describe the steps to making French toast.
Name 5 mammals found in the North American continent
Describe the difference between Vector and Raster graphics.
Describe an algorithm for computing the factorial of a number
Describe the types of data generated by an e-commerce website.
Pretend you are a customer. Write a review of a fictitious online store.
Create a flow-chart for baking a cake
What is the Hubble Space Telescope and what is its purpose?
Name a disaster movie. Output the title of the movie.
Describe the character of Sherlock Holmes from the stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
Describe a positive trait that you possess.
Make a prediction for the future.
Construct a table including x-axis and y-axis
Identify a ways to reduce air pollution in an urban area
Describe a painting in the style of Pablo Picasso.
What type of simulation is used to model natural systems?
Generate a list of 5 things everyone should know about history
Generate a story where the protagonist goes to a giant door and unlocks it using a magical key.
Compare and contrast articles of confederation and the Constitution.
Explain the principle of 'Cause and Effect'.
Generate a creative sentence describing the time of day 11 am.
"Provide an example of a situation which could be described as ""reconciliation""."
Create a possible dialog between two friends.
"Find the third term in the sequence 1, 6, 11, 16, ..."
"Find the first quartile of this set: 8, 10, 10, 11, 11, 13"
Come up with a tagline for a website about car parts
Describe the difference between a homogeneous and heterogeneous mixture.
Generate a recipe for making a vanilla milkshake.
Create a tagline for a website offering career-counseling services
Generate a unique username that reflects the qualities of intelligence and creativity.
Name two literary works by Ernest Hemingway.
Find the value of x in the following equation: 3x + 2 = 12
Generate an antonym for 'tranquil'
Debate about the use of genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
"Make a car analogy for the term ""transaction"""
"Generate a name for a new dress brand based on the following words: elegance, luxury, quality."
Explain the concept of ‘gravitational lensing’.
List three of the most dangerous jobs in the US.
Write an article about the benefits of using a language learning app.
"Create an analogy for the phrase: ""Cloud is to computer as bookshelf is to books""."
What is the suggested daily intake of sodium in mg for an adult woman?
Find me some funny quotes from a popular comedian.
List 5 elements that make up an effective mission statement
What are the three most important values to live by?
Think of a creative way to involve the audience in a presentation.
Describe the immigration process to the US.
Name 3 shopping websites where you can buy computer parts.
Name an existing product that uses Machine Learning
Name five countries that have recently passed a law restricting foreign involvement.
Create a quiz about the solar system.
Brainstorm a list of ways that technology has benefitted the medical field.
What is the yearly growth rate of the global AI market?
Identify the two most important steps to plan a trip.
Explain what the phrase “think outside the box” means.
Generate a new paragraph about the Eiffel Tower.
Name three objects that would be found in a school cafeteria.
Add an interesting fact about the movie 'Titanic'
What are the principles of the Agile methodology?
Find a five-letter word that begins with 'd' and ends with 's'.
Provide an argument about why the death penalty should not be used.
Analyze the pros and cons of e-commerce business models.
How do hurricanes form?
Compare a laptop and a smartphone.
Describe the general process of planting a tree.
Name 3 countries that have a higher population than India
"Imagine you are hiking in a forest, describe the setting."
Gather some recent data related to the increasing rates of unemployment.
"Paraphrase this sentence: ""The teachers always finished grading the tests before the students left the classroom."""
Explain the difference between a pilot study and a full study.
Name two component of a computer system.
Design an application for managing a student’s course material.
"Find the overall median of the following list: 7, 5, 3, 9, 11"
List 3 computer engineering feats
Define a function that takes two numbers and returns their average.
Find the name of the country with the highest average life expectancy.
Compare and contrast the economic benefits of wind energy vs. solar energy.
What environmental impacts could be caused by ocean acidification?
Suggest a machine learning algorithm that could be used for predicting customer churn.
Write a story beginning with “He saw himself reflected in the mirror…”
Clarify the following concept: 'The Principle of Least Privilege'.
Generate example savings account website reviews.
Create a new comic strip.
Name 5 characters from the movie Titanic.
"Compare and contrast the two musical styles, blues and jazz."
Create a code snippet to find the roots of a quadratic equation.
Explain the principle of Diophantine equations
Explain how a machine learning algorithm can be used to recommend products to customers.
Explain why the phrase 'time is money' is meaningful.
Design a mobile application to display the weather forecast
Can you please create a web page that includes a table of contact information for teachers?
"Design a board game, featuring natural disasters, that can be played by up to 5 players."
Find a fairytale that is more than 100 years old.
Describe the cultural impact of smartphones.
Add a catchy phrase to the following logo.
Name three things a person needs for a successful job hunt.
Describe why artificial intelligence is important.
Is it possible to reproduce a song on a synthesizer?
Describe the term 'artificial intelligence' in 2 sentences.
Come up with 3 keywords that best describe a data analyst
Identify a popular hobby that teenagers enjoy engaging in.
Tell us about the benefits of using encryption.
Identify two of the most commonly used programming languages in game development.
Give me an example of a product you considered buying but decided not to.
Generate a general statement about the importance of empathy.
Give me a fitness tip for beginners.
What type of triangle has three angles of 60 degrees?
Generate a list of 3 things that a doctor should do when diagnosing a patient
Write a story about a school from the perspective of a student.
Name any sport that requires a ball.
Create a short story about a person who is able to use time machine.
Outline a plan for creating a web app for ordering food found in a restaurant.
What is the role of bacteria in the environment?
What advantages does a laptop have over a desktop computer?
Generate a list of moral values.
"Classify the following objects into their appropriate groups: apple, banana, lettuce, automobile."
How would you design an algorithm for summarizing text?
"Explain what the idiom ""cut to the chase"" means."
Write a function to revert a given number to its base 10 form from its binary form.
Design an ad for a new car.
Create a metaphor for an organizational culture
Provide an example of a product designed for convenience.
Compose a 5-sentence-long story about a girl who received a traditional gift.
Generate three possible titles for a research paper about healthcare.
Give an example of a good use of technology to make our lives better.
Compose a tune for a happy birthday song
Describe the culture of the US in three paragraphs.
How can a company use data science to increase customer retention?
Explain the purpose of the Linux operating system.
What is the result of 651 divided by 13?
"Create a 6-word poem using the following words: joy, hope, strength, courage, love."
Compare and contrast the theory of relativity and quantum mechanics.
Describe the process of hydropower generation in a few sentences.
Comprehensive list of cybersecurity best practices.
Form an adverb out of the word 'privacy'.
Generate a speech to convince customers to buy a product.
List 3 types of supervised ML algorithms and their use cases.
"Suppose there is a (fictitious) country named Lando with population of 9 million people and GDP of 1 trillion USD. From this information, calculate the GDP per capita."
Give me the top three ways to reduce food waste.
Write code to create a function.
Name and define three kings of classification.
Describe a popular tourist destination in France.
Explain what is the greenhouse effect.
Generate a list of five words that describe the winter season.
Write a story about a knight who goes on a quest.
Summarize how the internet of things (IoT) is changing the modern world.
Generate a list of 5 potential improvements for a website.
We need to investigate why our website's traffic has dropped significantly. What are some potential causes?
Determine the cause and effect of deforestation.
Name the three essential elements of a contract.
"Generate an example sentence which uses the verb ""devour""."
"Select the correct parts of speech for each of the following words: nourishing, revive, respect"
Explain the impact of machines replacing humans in the workplace.
Make an outline of a presentation on microservices.
Suggest a healthy meal idea
Generate an analogy to compare two ideas.
Give two examples of how digital technology can be used in the retail industry.
List three misconceptions about artificial intelligence.
Suggest a way to build more sustainable housing.
Create a list of the five basic needs of humans
Compute the volume of the rectangle with length 4 and width 10.
Explain how customer segmentation is used in marketing.
Write an essay about data security.
Generate a creative slogan related to environmental conservation.
Collect ideas for a potential article about artificial intelligence.
Compare and contrast the properties of metals and nonmetals.
Give an example of a time when you used problem-solving skills.
Estimate the size of a penny in cm
Provide suggestions on how to make a website more accessible.
Describe the impact of running a social media campaign
Write a poem about your best friend.
Describe the taste of chicken soup.
Explain what does it mean to be a citizen of your country?
"Rewrite the following phrase using a different verb:

The bus driver drove the bus"
Explain the concept of Deep Learning in 30 words or less.
Which is the most important skill for a web development and why?
Determine the probability of rolling a 4 on a six-sided die.
Create a quiz to reflect the properties of circle
Give two examples of data privacy rights
"Assign a type to each of the following words:

Balance, Conservancy, Synergy"
Create a haiku poem inspired by the color yellow.
Suggest two activities for teaching children about renewable energy.
Generate an analogy between a tree and a person
Categorize the following item: “Toyota Camry”
"What is the meaning of the phrase ""Fool's Gold""?"
Create an algorithm to detect malicious activity from a website.
Generate a sketch of a mountain landscape
Design a strategy for developing artificial intelligence.
Create a short poem about autumn.
"Create a jingle for a car that uses the following words: speed, fast, road."
Provide two examples of how to express regrets in a formal letter.
Imagine a new professional sport and describe it in detail.
"Paraphrase the following sentence: ""I can't believe how quickly the year has flown by."""
Generate a 5-sentence story about a person walking through a forest.
Explain in simple terms the concept of artificial intelligence.
Create a valid argument to convince someone to switch to using a Linux operating system.
"Write a sentence using the phrase ""once upon a time"""
Create a couplet about the joy of being together
"In the context of a computer-aided recognition system, describe the differences between facial recognition and fingerprint recognition."
How does wintering affect flowering for hazel trees?
Rewrite the following sentence using a synonym for the bolded word: The man was very perturbed by the situation.
Name 10 famous inventors.
List some diseases caused by smoking.
Name three methods for reducing noise levels in a classroom.
Generate a product idea for a mobile application.
Offer advice on how to make a positive first impression in a job interview.
Describe the security measures taken to protect a connected car
Write a sentence about the effect of technology on learning.
Suggest four questions a company can use to assess an applicant's problem-solving ability.
Which states have the most wilderness?
Generate an example of a data structure for a school management system.
Provide an example of a poem that involves moon
Create a three-sentence summary of the movie “The Terminator”
What new technology is currently being developed to improve the healthcare system?
Recommend a book for someone interested in learning about World War II.
Design a system to help manage customer support tickets.
How can I improve my public speaking skill?
Develop a content strategy to engage with target audience
Create an introduction for a website on learning English.
Describe why learning to think critically is important.
Suggest a headline for a social media post about a new artificial intelligence technology
Explain the differences between machine learning and traditional programming.
"Generate an appropriate response if someone said ""Good morning!"":"
What is the major difference between TCP and UDP?
Build a bridge between two islands.
Write a poem that describes the beauty of summer days.
"Write a rhyming couplet using the words ""dear"" and ""room""."
Compose a 1-3 sentence description of a run-down apartment.
Make a prediction about how advances in AI will affect the job market
Design a website that explains the concept of blockchain technology.
"Explain the meaning of the phrase ""Life is not a race""."
Design a survey to assess the attitude of high school students towards the internet.
Simplify 6x - 18
"Given the following equation, solve for x : 4x^2+9x+1 = 0"
Create a short story about the last day of summer.
Describe the core components of a marketing plan.
Research the current trends in virtual reality technology
"Rearrange the characters of the string ""google"" to form a valid word."
Name at least five common house pets.
Suggest a way to organize a closet efficiently.
What is the list of essential communication skills?
What is the difference between a supervised learning algorithm and an unsupervised learning algorithm?
What kind of outdoor recreational activities can I do in Seattle?
Summarize the purpose of Google’s Three Laws of Robotics
How would you introduce yourself
I have a job interview tomorrow. What advice do you have for me?
Generate a rap that is 10 lines long.
Describe the impact of technology on communication in the past decade.
Give me a list of all the tables and chairs in a typical office.
Name a small mammal
Describe the purpose of the cell membrane
How many bytes are there in a kilobyte?
Create a list of three values to live by.
Tell the antagonist in the story.
What is the main issue with Adversarial Machine Learning?
Describe an example of a successful job interview.
Write a five-word slogan for an online course about successful communication.
Provide five adjectives to describe someone who is smart.
Search the web and find the title of the longest novel.
Find three state capitals in the USA
Suggest how a person could increase their productivity.
Explain a complex concept in simple terms.
Generate a poem that follows the rhyme scheme AABB.
Create a research topic related to increasing customer loyalty.
Describe the economic policy of a socialist state.
Generate an example that explains the concept of 'functional programming'.
How was Doctor No influenced by Sax Rohmer's Fu Manchu stories?
Make a list of 5 verbs in the past tense.
Create an algorithm that can detect collisions between two objects.
Create a list of tips for organizing a successful event.
Predict the population in Sweden in 30 years
Write a story about technology promoting environmental sustainability.
Create a plan for composting food scraps.
Generate a list of tips that can help people manage stress.
Create a list of five vegetables and their nutritional benefits.
Come up with a new way to use the following item: a teaspoon.
Brainstorm a way to reduce deforestation.
List three points of evidence to suggest that the cause of global warming is human activity.
Suggest a way to get instant relief from severe acidity
"Identify the antecedent for the given pronoun
He played catch with it."
Describe the typical meal of the day for a typical family in the United States.
"Explain why the following statement is accurate: ""true leadership is about inspiring others to reach their potential""."
Write a fictional story about a lost key
"Find the 3rd term in this sequence:  2, 5, 8, 11"
Create a list of tips for beginners in Python programming.
Identify three areas in which artificial intelligence is making advancements.
Generate a list of potential flowers for a wedding bouquet.
Provide a plausible example of how AI can be used in agriculture.
"Sort the animals below according to their average lifespan from longest to shortest.

Turtle, Tiger, Elephant"
Describe the processes for making a yogurt-based smoothie.
Create a sample gym plan for athletes.
How would you explain an eclipse?
Give an example of a successful negotiation and explain why it was effective.
Describe the steps to take when debugging a program.
Name a popular TV show from the 2000s
Name a famous love story.
What is the acceleration of an object with a mass of 6 kg when a force of 24 N is applied?
Create a fictional character and provide a brief description of them.
Give an example of how an efficiency score can be useful for an organisation.
Are cats nocturnal animals?
Describe the perfect climate for growing grapes.
What is the word for “a large group of people gathered together in one place”?
"You are provided with the following text: ""It was a cold December morning, the sky was grey and snow was lightly falling. Describe the atmosphere of the morning"""
Brainstorm three potential uses for artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Name three characteristics of a good website design.
Generate an email subject line that solicits feedback on a new software product.
Draft an email to a singer requesting her to perform in a charity event.
List three career options given the field of Medicine.
"How do computers ""learn""?"
Create a good username
Name three vegetables that have a reddish hue when raw.
Select three websites to research a topic.
"Rewrite this sentence to make it interrogative: ""Genetic engineering can cause potential harm"""
Create a list of 10 items of essential things to pack for a camp
List 3 occupations that belong in the tertiary sector.
"Which American mind is regarded as ""the father of computers""?"
Create a simile about the sound of a waterfall
How many countries in the world have more than 50 million people?
In what ways is the novel 1984 a criticism of socialism?
Provide three best practices for promoting positive mental health in an organization.
Provide an example of a metric that could be used to measure the success of a new marketing campaign.
Explain the concept of game design.
Generate a tweet summarizing today’s news.
What are the functions of mitochondria in the human body?
Calculate the population density of Spain.
List five different advantages of living on Mars.
Name a programming language that is Generally Purpose.
List five methods for analyzing data
Generate a potential business idea.
Construct a rhetorical question to ask the audience at an economics conference.
"Rewrite this sentence to make it more interesting: ""I really like exploring new places."""
Transform this sentence into an interrogative: He will arrive in two days.
Write a near-future fiction set in the year 2040. Output should be 5 sentences.
Describe the pros and cons of investing in gold.
Name five common characteristics of a rose flower.
Which month of the year is the first of the four major US holidays?
"If I am starting a business, what are the key factors I need to consider?"
"List all countries in North America, in alphabetical order."
"Classify this sentence as a command, statement or question: ""Please consider this offer."""
Provide the URL for the official website of the United Nation's Children's Fund (UNICEF).
Imagine you are teaching a class about data visualization. What would be the title of your course?
Generate an appropriate template to describe a customer service interaction
Name five everyday activities that involve physics.
Generate a list of five tips to save money on groceries.
Create a new database.
Print all the prime numbers between 1 and 50.
Name 3 places to visit in your city.
Name 3 widely used software libraries for machine learning.
Come up with a few marketing ideas for a new restaurant.
Develop a new beauty product concept targeting millennials.
Compare the advantages and disadvantages of using an AI assistant.
Create a three-column table that displays the advantages and disadvantages of online shopping.
"Describe the flavor of the dish ""Pumpkin Pie"""
Compose a song about the importance of computer science
"Is the following statement true or false? ""The Earth is the only planet in our solar system with an atmosphere."""
"Construct a sentence using the following words: ""jealous, school, skip""."
Come up with a list of 10 book titles that could form a series
"Generate 3 example product features related to ""Social Media"""
Generate a premise for a new television series.
How can you reduce stress in the workplace?
Name three major rivers in South America.
Create a task automation system to optimize the purchase orders in a company.
Give an example of an ethical issue related to AI use in healthcare.
Create a list of 5 criteria for a successful project.
"Construct a compound sentence using the words ""otherwise"" and ""charged""."
Create a series of 3-5 budgeting tips.
"Summarize the sentiment of the following statement: ""Unemployment is a major obstacle for economic growth in many countries."""
"Rewrite this sentence using a different verb:

John wrote a book."
List the advantages of Machine Learning compared to traditional programming.
Generate a list of five strategies for controlling AI experiments
"Sort the following words by the syllables they contain: write, admire, backpack"
"Construct a question for the following sentence: ""He had a red car""."
Generate the vowels of the English alphabet.
"Write a short story that takes place in the city of Paris, France."
Design a user interface for a platform of your choice.
Generate a five-word sentence about the benefits of travelling.
How does sharding work?
What environment variables are necessary to run a Java program?
Where do tree kangaroos live?
Explain how the temperature of a gas can be decreased.
Describe the concept of freedom of speech.
"Generate a compound word that includes the word ""snow""."
"Generate a set of 10 test questions from the topic ""American History""."
Create a  poem about overcoming adversity
Create an opening line for a book about sharks
Explain the concept of money laundering
Create a story where the main character overcomes an overwhelming obstacle.
Describe the “live parameter update” feature of GPT-3.
Generate a list of questions for a job interview for a Sales Manager.
Design an interface for a new productivity app.
Explain why wild animals should not be kept as pets.
What are the main aspects of managing a project?
Name 5 principles of good design.
Describe the scene of a cat with its owner.
Generate a creative story about a princess and a dragon.
"Write a new poem using the words ""river"" and ""smile""."
What decade did the internet become available to the public?
"Consider the equation ""2x + 3y = 8"". What is the value of x and y?"
Generate a metaphor to describe someone as courageous.
Describe the behavior of a specific star in the night sky in 10 words.
"Rewrite the following sentence to remove the hyperbole: ""It was the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life."""
Cite an example of a song with a polyphonic texture.
Elaborate on the principle of the lever using appropriate physics terminology.
Please write a formal apology for being late to the meeting.
Generate a list of house cleaning tips.
Explain what is genetic engineering
Write a question about the problems faced by people who live in rural areas.
Write a poem that speaks of loneliness
Describe the sound of a rainforest during a downpour.
Generate a list of characteristics that define a good leader
Generate a valid HTML code for a web page with a table.
Explain why React is a popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
List three applications of natural language processing.
"Insert the following words in alphabetical order: green, red, yellow"
Discuss the impact of social media on public opinion.
When is the best time of day to exercise?
"Rewrite the following proverb as a question: ""A penny saved is a penny earned."""
Generate the chords for an E minor scale.
"Classify the following sentence as true or false: ""All mammals give birth to live young""."
"Produce a definition for the idiom ""a stones throw away""."
Generate a list of ten animal names.
Give two examples of how a business could use machine learning.
Describe a recent scientific discovery.
"Generate a story using the words ""adventure"", ""ancient"", and ""treasure""."
Find out what temperature is the boiling point of water.
How is the weather in London?
Is the following sentence true or false? All atoms of the same element have the same mass.
Provide a summary of Facebook's revenue sources in the fiscal year 2019.
Provide an example of asymmetric encryption
Explain the concept of zero-based budgeting.
Present a new idea for a research paper on AI.
List two benefits of using design thinking.
List 4 advantages and 4 disadvantages of using AI technology.
What is the latest version of Android?
How does the internet of things (IoT) work?
"Evaluate the following statement: ""Global warming is a serious problem."""
Predict the future stock price of [Apple Inc.]
What is the function of an electrolyte in the body?
Generate a slogan for an online platform aiming to provide pragmatic resources to developers.
Analyze the stock performance of Apple in the last two years.
"Change the following sentence to the present tense: ""The day was hot and humid."""
"Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:

The experiment demonstrated that the bacteria survived in higher temperatures."
Answer the following question: What is the weather in Tajikistan in December?
What is the descriptive word for a person who is uncaring?
Suggest a game to play over Zoom.
Write a short story involving a time machine.
Create a rock-paper-scissor game in python.
"Write a computer program to calculate the sum of the natural numbers up to given number, n."
How will you evaluate a text summarizer system?
Name three advantages of a content delivery network (CDN).
Summarize the issue of ocean acidification.
Write a brief report about the benefits of outsourcing
What are the differences between a standard resume and a CV?
Give an example of how technology can improve the classroom.
Identify possible solutions to the problems of climate change.
Develop a algorithm for recognizing a conversation partner's native language.
What is the fundamental principle behind the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle?
What is a major advantage of renewable energy sources?
List two advantages for using a computer
Compare and contrast the methods of machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Generate a data visualization to represent the number of graduates in the last 5 years.
Design questions for an AI assistant that can distinguish between stated and unstated requirements in a job posting.
Title a creative blog post about the power of storytelling.
Quote a famous person about the value of friendship.
Generate a descriptive sentence about a beach sunset.
What would the consequences be if water vapor was not present in the atmosphere?
Describe a home cooked meal
Create an artwork with the fountain pen.
Name four properties of sound.
Describe an example of ocean acidification.
Name three benefits of deep learning.
Design a new algorithm that can be used for natural language processing (NLP) tasks.
Formulate a research question related to the environmental impact of increasing population density.
Describe a great vacation spot
"Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:

Although the summer festival was fun, it was still an overwhelming experience."
Describe the main stages of the scientific method.
Design a Chutes and Ladders board game
Explain the basics of photography.
Generate a list of unexpected food pairings.
Name two dignitaries who said speeches at the 2020 United Nations General Assembly.
List three safety measures for driving in icy conditions.
Write a blog post about how AI is transforming the healthcare industry.
What is a disadvantage of using artificial intelligence systems?
Generate a list of 10 items one would need to prepare a simple sandwich
Write an indirect tweet that President Donald Trump might have sent
Come up with an inspiring quote.
Give styles guide on how to properly cite a source in a paper.
What can be done to save the endangered species of elephants?
Generate a programming code fragment to print out multiplication table up to 10.
Describe a process for organizing a party
"Explain the following quote: ""The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it."""
List a set of instructions to delete an item from a shopping cart.
Generate a creative title for a children's novel about a world where magic exists.
Name three benefits of remote working?
Predict the winner of the next US presidential election.
Describe the day-to-day job duties of a Human Resources Manager.
Name some common elements found in horror movies.
Rearrange this sentence for clarity: ‘the ocean waves waves of the crashing onto shore’
Come up with utilization metrics for measuring customer engagement
Answer the question: why do we learn new languages?
What is the main purpose of blockchain technology?
Generate a story about two strangers meeting for the first time.
Find the current time.
Provide a mathematical explanation for fermat's last theorem.
Give an example of a task that a GPT model could complete.
Come up with a list of topics to discuss in a meeting about remote work.
Generate an idiom about a sports game.
Write an example of a hyperbole.
Compose a song with a bluesy tune.
Convert the following basic math equation into another equivalent equation: 8 + 5 = x
"Describe a real-life situation in which the saying ""Actions speak louder than words"" is true"
"What is the gerund of the verb ""run""?"
Compile a list of five books about World War 2.
Generate a sentence that is oxymoronic.
Divide 10 into the ratio 3:2.
Generate a conversation between two friends who met after a long time.
Imagine a world where everyone was honest
"Find the text that describes the word ""whimsy""."
Develop a chatbot that answers common questions related to air travel.
Do some research and summarize the current price of Bitcoin.
"Create a commonly used phrase using the following words: storm, sea, break"
Come up with a creative way to congratulate someone for achieving their goals.
Propose an original solution to the problem of global warming.
Design a travel itinerary for a person planning to visit London.
Identify five jobs that require leadership
What are the five different tastes humans can detect?
Generate a sample password
List four strategies for teaching children to read.
Give an example of how technology has had a positive impact on society.
"Construct a joke using the following words: House, pill, bed"
Convert 1.5 kilometers to yards
"Rewrite this sentence to make it more vivid and put it into the past tense:
The cat hopped up onto the table."
Name a food rich in iron.
Describe the 5 most common financial crimes
Create three different advertisements for a new smartphone.
"Generate a javascript code that logs ""Hello, World"" to the console."
Write a short paragraph about time management.
Check the spelling of the word 'accoustic'
In which year did the Roman Empire collapse?
Design a system for managing employees' time off requests.
Name the first satellite launched into space.
Create a problem statement for an online course about public speaking.
Create a query for a database that finds all countries in the world with a population greater than 10 million.
Output the solution to the following equation: 10/2+3
Why is the boiling point of water higher at higher altitudes?
Generate three sentences that describe how to use a toaster.
Generate five creative marketing ideas to promote a product.
Describe a scenario when critical thinking is important.
What is an ecommerce website?
Outline the main steps of a scientific experiment
Make up a sentence in which the word “optimistic” is used.
Generate an example of an imaginative sentence that describes a moving object.
Create a list of 3 steps to become an entrepreneur.
Describe a full moon night.
Describe the 3D printing process
"Find the smallest number that is divisible by 3,5 and 7."
Compare and contrast electrical and chemical synapses.
How does artificial intelligence improve decision making?
Create a food allergy awareness campaign for a restaurant.
Provide a case study of how technology has been used to improve healthcare.
"Determine which of the two words ""penchant"" and ""predilection"" have a similar meaning"
Generate a sentence that explains the importance of getting enough sleep.
What is the most efficient way to implement a sparse matrix in Python?
Generate an example of an official-sounding email subject line.
Generate five persuasive words to use in a persuasive essay.
Name a tropical fruit without seeds.
Name two advantages of using a distributed database.
Write a paragraph about how technology is reshaping the education system.
Create a title for a short story about two friends.
Generate a one sentence prospect for a novel about a virus outbreak.
When did the Industrial Revolution take place?
Create an app feature for a student
Create a short poem that conveys the concept of hope
Describe the characteristics of a successful entrepreneur.
Name the three main components of the circulatory system
Describe the difference between data mining and data analysis.
"Give an example of a vegetable that starts with the letter ""A""."
Describe the currently available features of iPad Pro 2021
"Coming up with an analogy, explain the concept of a quantum computer"
What is the answer to 14 + 29?
Create an acronym for the United Nations using five letters.
Create a paragraph describing the differences between supervised and unsupervised learning.
"Generate three investment options for someone who has 10,000 dollars and wants to invest it for 10 years."
Specify two characteristics of a good team player.
Calculate the sum of 2+2
Generate a metaphor that compares a mountain and a person.
Tell me approximately how long it takes to get to the Moon from the earth.
Identify the country capitals of 3 countries of your choice.
Write two statements about how the development of technology changed the world.
Describe a mojito cocktail.
"Construct a logical argument in support of the statement ""GPS tracking should be mandatory for all drivers""."
Construct a flow chart to explain the steps to become a doctor.
Compare the characteristics of magnetic force and gravity.
Describe one benefit of a home garden.
Name one of the main benefits of a cloud-based IT system.
"Is the sentence ""I am going to the store to buy groceries"" grammatically correct?"
Write a short statement emphasizing self-care.
Give a short description of what artificial intelligence is
Identify and explain the different types of machine learning algorithms
What are some characteristics of effective study habits?
Describe the impact of ocean acidification on coral reefs.
Provide an example of abusive language.
Tell me a trend or an interesting phenomenon that happened in 2020
Describe how magnetic fields are generated.
Explain what could prevent a program from compiling.
What is the difference between private and public schools?
Look up the definition of an apostrophe and give me an example sentence.
Create a flower arrangement for a birthday party.
"Categorize the following object as an animal, vegetable, or mineral: Rock"
Explain how deep learning works.
Name the Spanish verbs used for essential everyday tasks
What type of comment should someone make when visiting a blog?
Create a mission statement for a cake baking business.
"Generate a joke that is related to physics.
Output the joke."
How can renewable energy sources replace the use of fossil fuels?
Formulate a hypothesis on the effectiveness of Vitamin C on the common cold.
Describe the key responsibilities of a software engineer.
Generate an HTML code block to create a drop-down menu with three items.
Write a function to check if an integer is a prime number.
Is the phrase “happy cows” a compound noun or a phrase?
Make a list of 5 tips for effective communication
What sound does a cat make?
Create a basic budget that someone could follow while visiting Paris.
"Delete an unnecessary word from this sentence: ""The cats and the dogs were racing running."""
Generate an example of an English-language metaphor.
Find out the 17th letter in the English alphabet
Write a short essay about the impact of social media in our lives.
"Distinguish between the terms ""density"" and ""mass""."
Please create a list of five strong verbs in English.
"Replace the word ""catastrophe"" with a less serious word"
Generate two new features which the IoT device can provide.
Describe how modern technology has impacted the way people communicate.
Name the four main islands of Japan
Generate a summary of President Obama's 2013 State of the Union Address
Create an attention-grabbing heading for a blog article about developing your own business
Describe a medieval castle in 3 sentences.
"Produce sample phrasing for a customer service representative for the following phrase: “Good morning, how may I help you?"
Create a list of 5 questions to ask before investing in stocks.
Produce a list of questions you can ask a customer service representative to get an understanding of their role in the organization.
Provide an example of how television ads have helped Mitt Romney's campaign
Create a mobile app that allows people to track their daily water intake.
Generate a set of 100 words for a baby shower word search
Identify the contributing factors of air pollution
Generate a list of 8 jobs in the information technology sector
Name the 6 most populous cities in China.
Discuss the implications of using AI in healthcare
Generate a list of strategies on how to cope with stress.
Create a palindrome sentence of at least five words.
Generate a three-dimensional figure that has a volume of 8 cubic meters.
Compose a poem about love and loss.
Create a word that describes someone who is always looking for a bargain.
Identify and explain the difference between a declarative sentence and a question.
Make a list of interesting travel tips for a European country
Describe some actions that a company could take to reduce its carbon footprint.
Create a tweet about the latest trend in the tech industry.
Create a Twitter post that encourages people to vote.
Create an exercise program for a beginner.
Explain why online gaming is becoming so popular.
Create an equation for calculating the total distance walked.
Create a survey question to identify the customer favorite product
Write a newspaper headline for an article about the effects of climate change.
Analyze the new economic situation in India.
Provide a Turing-complete definition of what a tree is.
Hypothesize why Australia has over 140 snake species.
Provide a brief description of the The Turing Test.
Design a cover page for a magazine.
Generate a story about a hardworking scientist who builds a time machine.
Develop guidelines for finding reliable online sources.
Why does the sky appear blue?
Offer a suggestion for a healthy snack.
Come up with one creative use of AI.
Explain what is cross-validation and why is it important?
Explain what causes an El Nino phenomenon.
"Fill in the blank in the sentence ""I am very excited to ____"""
Describe how plants look like in the winter.
Find one example of a carnivorous plant.
Find 3 distinguishing characteristics of a lion
How did humans first communicate?
Find four examples of famous civil rights activists.
Name three characters in the Harry Potter books.
Find the word for a feeling of tiredness after doing a hard physical or mental effort.
Write a story of friendship between two boys from different backgrounds.
Summarize how technology has impacted education.
Construct a query to search for cars that cost less than 12000 dollars.
Compare and contrast convolutional neural networks with recurrent neural networks.
Summarise the key features of a K-means Clustering Algorithm
Find the difference between 55°F and -5°F.
Generate a marketing slogan for a newly launched vitamin supplement.
Generate a short story (up to 200 words) about an old man living in the countryside.
Generate a few funny jokes.
Generate a financial report for a business for the past month.
Create a rap about the life of a garden snail.
Convert 5 tablespoons to cups
Describe in one sentence what the GPT-3 model is.
Comment on the economic impact the pandemic has had on small businesses.
"Construct a sentence using the following words: glass, summer, scent"
Compare and contrast the economic and environmental impacts of rail transportation versus road transportation.
Explain the following scientific concept in layperson's terms: chi-squared test
Compose an email to a professor to make an appointment.
Generate a creative poem using natural language processing.
Edit this sentence to make it active “The flowers were watered by her.”
Generate an essay structure to demonstrate the impact of climate change on human health.
Create a design and layout for a children's bedroom.
Construct a ten line poem about the Sun.
Create a summative paragraph giving your opinion on the article.
"Create a regular expression to match strings containing the word ""hello"" and ending in ""abc""."
Create an algorithm to remove duplicates from a singly linked list.
Name three differences between a blockchain and a distributed ledger.
Explain the following metaphor: “Life is a marathon”.
What would you do to follow these safety protocols?
Suggest a way to make a car more eco-friendly.
Give an example of a miscommunication between two people.
Predict the outcome of the following equation: 3(x+2)=6
Summarize the benefits of using natural language processing for business.
Name the five members of the UN Security Council.
Explain what is the centripetal force.
List five healthy alternatives to soda.
Write a 5-word tagline for the following product: a computer with advanced features.
Select four herbs for an Italian-style marinara sauce.
"How would you solve the following programming problem:

Write a function called ""isCapital"" that takes a single character and returns a boolean value indicating if the character is a capital letter or not."
How would you describe artificial intelligence in three words?
Classify the following song as either sad or happy.
Write a 10 line poem about french fries
Generate a short news article about a proposed new law.
Describe a silly animal.
Generate a list of benefits for using a reusable water bottle.
Explain why conservation efforts are important.
Generate a joke about two aliens.
What was the highest grossing movie in 2018?
Find 3 original ways to describe a cupcake.
Identify which ocean has the second longest coastline
Compare the speed of traditional banking to online banking.
"Explain why the following statement is true: ""Successful management of diversity is good for business."""
Name a form of renewable energy.
Explain Schrodinger's wave equation.
Create a list of the types of wildlife found in the Amazon Rainforest.
What were the causes of World War I?
Describe how ice melts.
Suggest some activities that you might do on a vacation at the beach.
Give me some tips on saving money.
Write a 5-sentence story about a dog who wants a special treat.
Explain why the Renaissance was an important period in history
Identify a type of physical activity that can be done indoors.
Compare World War I and World War II in terms of duration and casualty count.
What is the result of the input 2 + 10 * 5?
"Explain the concept of a ""flattening of the curve""."
Which planets are in the Solar System?
Create a mental model to explain the concept of taxonomy.
"Generate a thesis statement based on the following description.

Description: The key principles behind effective physical exercise routines including warming up, cooling down, and rest recovery."
Generate a couple of sentences describing an office complex.
"Who is the antagonist in the film ""The Godfather""?"
Explain the importance of recycling
Explain the significance of the color orange in literature.
Draft an article about the importance of exercising.
Provide an example of a problem-solution essay.
Generate a list of successful female entrepreneurs.
Rewrite the sentence to show the defintion of the word ‘manifold’
What is the most important thing for a successful interview?
List 5 places in the world that are known for their culture.
Determine if the following statement is true or false: An accelerometer measures electric current.
Generate a unique random number between 0 and 1.
Brainstorm a list of tips for taking great photos.
Describe the habits of a hummingbird.
"Calculate the average of the numbers in this list: 8, 6, 5, 9"
List three ways that a machine learning model could be used to benefit public transportation.
Design a logo that could represent a new online book store.
What is a virtual reality (VR) system?
Describe the main idea of a paper about automated moderation of online discourse.
Give two methods to reduce stress
Write a blog post discussing new trends in data science
Compare and contrast the rise of the Soviet Union and the fall of the Iron Curtain.
Describe what you think the Internet will look like in 2030.
Suggest ways to reduce daily water use by households.
What is the weather like in the city of San Francisco?
Generate a new product design
List three advantages of eating organic food.
"Which element from the periodic table has the symbol ""Cl""?"
Please generate a quip about the technology industry
"Write a funny way of saying ""I understand""."
"Identify the pattern of the following numbers: 3, 6, 9, 12"
Explain the concept of entropy in thermodynamics.
Explain why a computer needs RAM.
Create a chart to represent the population of countries in Europe.
Convert the following hex code to RGB: #A654CF
Identify three common difficulties in programming.
Find a suitable definition for the term 'quantum computing'.
Describe the process for producing a television commercial
Compose a Haiku poem centered around the concept of happiness.
Describe the process of creating a digital product in five steps
Name three characters in the movie Forrest Gump.
"Calculate the tax rate of a $15,000 salary."
Write a dialog for two characters talking about a recent movie they watched
"Identify the word which does not belong in the following list: garlic, oregano, parsley, chili."
Describe 3 key features of a customer service system.
Give a 5-step guide on how to plant tulips
Name a recent global event that affected the world.
How do digital twins work?
Outline the guidelines for posting on social media.
What do plants need to survive?
Describe what you would hear if you were passing by a zoo.
Find 3 websites that discuss the best practices for programming with Python.
"Calculate the surface area of a cuboid with length 8 cm, width 4 cm and height 9 cm."
Estimate the number of US states that border Canada.
Generate two new ideas for improving customer experience.
Create an array in JavaScript containing 5 strings.
Name three chemicals that are used in fire extinguishers.
Explain the importance of individualism in society.
Calculate 10 times 3.
Describe the components needed to build a custom gaming computer.
Generate a list of three qualities that make a successful academic.
"Generate a creative proverb using the keywords ""expectations"" and ""success""."
"Sort the following numbers from lowest to highest: 5, 81, 0, -4"
Explain how to use an SVM classifier to classify data.
Construct a sentence that demonstrates hyperbole.
Generate a paragraph of conversational English.
Describe an example of how sentiment analysis is used in customer service.
"Imagine you are a superhero, what’s your special power?"
"You are in the middle of a brainstorming session at work and need to encourage the other participants. Give an example of a positive, constructive statement you can use."
Suggest a popular song released in the last 5 years.
Find out the capital of Canada. Output the name of the city.
"Summarize the main points of the article ""Harnessing The Power of Social Media"""
What is the sum of the interior angles of an octagon?
Find 3 ways to reduce energy consumption in an office.
Suggest 5 healthy habits that teenagers should adopt.
Play the song Despacito on the keyboard.
Are tarantulas poisonous? Give a detailed answer.
"Convert the following currency from USD to GBP

150"
How do dividend stocks work?
Give me a list of healthy snacks that I can eat
Identify what type of structure is likely used by a company that employs 500 people.
Describe how can data be a powerful tool for decision-making.
Generate a children's riddle
Outline the four main reasons why environmental pollution is harmful.
Explain why exercise is important for health.
Suggest five features for a photo editing application
Generate an algorithm to calculate letter frequency in a given sentence.
"What is the average house rent for two bedrooms in Los Angeles, CA."
Name two ways to aerate soil.
Describe a famous painting.
Create a computer program to list the first 10 prime numbers.
Derive a mathematical expression that calculates the area of triangle.
How can humans coexist with nature more harmoniously?
Suggest 5 ways to manage stress.
Construct a mathematical equation.
Construct a list of skills to put on a resume for a machine learning position.
Write an algorithm that sorts an array of integers
Create a script which prints out all the odd numbers between 1 and 50.
We are looking to diversify our product line by offering a new type of product. Generate potential ideas.
Explain the differences between an open-ended and a close-ended question.
Create a haiku poem about walking on the beach.
Compose a small musical piece lasting 30 seconds.
List three strategies for managing difficult conversations.
Generate a list of ten objects related to the beach
Explain the different components that make up an AI system.
What is 30% of 200?
How many planets are in our Solar System?
Greet a customer warmly.
What is the full form of CPU?
Suggest a diet plan to reduce cholesterol levels in the body.
Create an example of outcomes from working in a team environment.
"Create a sentence using a plural noun, verb, and modifier."
Find the latest news about the US presidential election.
Explain the concept of black-box testing
Provide three facts about Poland.
Generate a suitable title for a research paper on the use of 3D printing technology in architecture.
Suggest 5 tips on how to save money when shopping online.
Describe a learning experience which had the most impact on you.
Create a headline for a news article about the increasing number of people choosing a vegan lifestyle
Explain what a neuromarketing strategy is.
Describe the causes of poverty.
Design a product to help people manage their time
Give an example of a prediction that could be used in a predictive marketing campaign.
Imagine a spacecraft docking with an alien space station. Describe what it might look like.
Generate a story about a prince who decides to fight an evil dragon.
Generate lyrics about love in rap style.
How does GPT language model differentiate between words with similar meaning?
Explain why trees are important in our environment.
Explain why capitalism is a beneficial economic system.
"Classify the following words: Elephant, Tiger, Dog"
Name a bacteria deadly for humans.
Tell me the capital of Taiwan.
Construct a statement that conveys the idea of innovation.
"Rearrange the sentence to make it a valid sentence: ""his cost many a bag of grain"
"Contruct a joke using the words ""boats"" and ""yoghurt""."
Design an algorithm for recognizing handwriting
Rewrite this sentence in a more formal way:  “He was talking like he was the only one who knew everything”
Find five common characteristics of books in the Fantasy genre.
Name 3 benefits of exercise.
Describe a movie that takes place in outer space
Describe the disadvantages of democracy
Write a short program to print out the Fibonacci sequence up to the number specified by the user.
Write a tweet to advertise a new computer game
Create an example input for a sentiment analysis model.
Give an example of an element in the periodic table
Give an example of a way AI can be used in the healthcare industry.
Write a five sentence story describing an astronaut's journey to the moon.
"Generate a list of topics related to the keyword ""retail""."
Give me some adjectives to describe someone who is determined.
Generate an artistic design of a flying raven
Predict the result of this operation: 6 + 8/2
Generate a creative sentence describing the color blue.
"Calculate the average of the numbers 3, 6, 12 and 21."
Generate a poem using a metaphor.
Describe the moon in a poetic way.
Please name a popular movie from the last 5 years.
List three animals that can be found in the Arctic region.
"Generate a headline and a brief summary of an article
on the social and psychological impact of COVID-19"
Generate the first few lines of the poem.
Write a song about someone with a broken heart.
Explain why the cost of political TV advertising has doubled since 2004.
Describe the law of demand.
"In this task, you need to look up on the web, what is the name of the highest peak in the world?"
"Classify this sentence structure: ""She gives him a hug."""
Which U.S. President granted the first pardon for a U.S. federal crimial offense?
Research when the chicken fingers were invented and write a two sentences that are based on the information you found.
"Generate a math equation with 4 unknowns (X,Y,Z,W) using the 4 basic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication and division)."
What is the concept of transfer learning in AI?
Generate a list of tips to teach someone how to play chess.
How is investing in stock markets different from investing in mutual funds?
Put together a list of 10 safety tips for taking a long drive.
Compare and contrast public and private schools.
"Construct a sentence using the definition of the word ""persist""."
Identify one challenge with using AI
"Generate a 5-word sentence using the following words: ""they"",""happy"",""had"",""were"",""when""."
Generate an encryption protocol
Write a story about a character who wakes up with a sense of dread.
Create a story for a children's book about a crocodile.
Write a letter to an elected official supporting a proposed bill.
Generate a question with the keyword “fungi”
Explain why visuals are important for marketing.
Create a user-friendly registration form.
Write a 5-sentence story about a young girl who meets a dragon.
How can someone ensure their data is secure?
Describe the Big-O notation.
What was the name of the first novel written by Charles Dickens?
"Generate a mnemonic acronym for the following words: Pen, Clock, Book"
Calculate the value of 5 plus 10 multiplied by 4.
"Imagine you are talking to a child, explain the concept of DNA."
Provide an analogy to explain the atomic structure.
Name some festivals celebrated in India
Suggest the top 5 online stores for purchasing the product.
What are three methods used to decontaminate soil?
"Identify the type of sentence ""I drove to the store yesterday""."
Name one type of training that companies can provide for their employees?
Create a recipe for an appetizer using only a few items from the pantry.
What are three key points to consider when writing a blog post?
Describe the importance of using proper grammar when writing.
"In four sentences or less, explain what a proof is in mathematics."
Write a short blog post on the importance of learning new skills
Answer the following question in one sentence: What is the application of genetic engineering?
You are playing a game which requires you to roll two dice. Generate a sentence to describe the emotion of anticipation felt while waiting for the dice to stop rolling.
How can text classification be used to categorize data?
Name three components of an operating system
Name three benefits of playing board games.
Create a post for a new outdoor activity business on social media.
"Suggest a title for the following essay:

This article examines the role that the internet has played in revolutionizing the way businesses communicate with customers."
Explain the process of Naive Bayes Classification.
Write some example questions for a customer survey about a home appliance.
What is the ATP World Tour Finals?
Create a mini-game where the user must guess a hidden word.
Create a joke featuring a basketball
Identify 5 positive traits to be a successful leader.
What are the four main goals of project management.
Describe the role and importance of artificial intelligence today
Give four advice on how to maintain good relationships
Explain why scientists' predictions of the future often go wrong.
List all of Bill Gates's investments
Please generate an extended metaphor for knowledge.
What is the difference between an internal hard drive and an external hard drive?
"Identify the primary conflict in the movie ""Titanic""."
Generate a sentence that catches the reader's attention
Generate a username that reflects the identity of a British hipster.
Suggest an interesting place a tourist should visit in France.
Give five tips to stay healthy during lockdowns.
Come up with a new slogan for a car brand based on the phrase “Think ahead”
Generate a closing statement for a formal email.
Outline a step-by-step guide to make pancakes
Create a function that prints Hello World
Generate 3 unique adjectives related to 'jovial'
Write an essay discussing the importance of communication in a relationship
Craft a tweet about your favourite sports team.
Explain the difference between facts and opinions in two sentences.
Generate a list of policies to encourage CSR in companies
Write a five-sentence story about a magical object.
Name one endangered species.
Create a budget to save $100 in a month.
Generate a sentence of poignant and graceful prose.
Describe how a computer processes data
Give an example of an energy transformation from chemical energy to kinetic energy.
Write an algorithm for sorting numbers in an array.
"Fix the following sentence: ""I wish I was more successful""."
Write an essay about the recent advances in artificial intelligence and its implications.
Identify a potential use case of Natural Language Processing (NLP).
Imagine the best resort you have ever been to.
Write an imaginary dialogue between a doctor and a patient
Describe the differences between American Sign Language and British Sign Language.
Find three reasons why people should stop using plastic bags.
Create a list of five Good Samaritan acts.
Divide 20 by 5.
Write a story using the words 'galaxy' and 'journey'.
Come up with three alternative solutions to this problem: It's hard to get a babysitter on short notice.
Generate a name for the new brand
Predicte the stock price of Google in five years.
Create a list of input parameters and output variables for a website that can be used to check the availability of flights.
Name three tools a software engineer could use to develop a mobile application.
Write an informational article about virtual reality
Write a story about a penguin fallen in love.
Name one disadvantage of using an open-source code.
Create a short story set in a forest.
Write a children's story about a magical world.
Write a metaphor to explain the feeling of being stuck.
Generate a haiku poem based on a winter landscape.
Design a shirt that promotes plant-based diets.
Write a tweet about GPT-3's use cases.
"Construct an argument against the following statement: ""Everyone should get eight hours of sleep every night”"
Create an algorithm that returns all prime numbers up to a certain input number
"Suggest a phrase that can replace the words ""on a daily basis"""
Describe a character that lives in a post-apocalyptic world.
Creat a function in C++ to calculate the area of a triangle.
Calculate 14 + 6.
Construct a regular expression that matches all 5-digit numbers that start with 4.
Write a few sentences about electricity.
"Summarize the meaning of the following quote:

""When you get older, three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two."""
Generate a question about frogs.
Tell a story about a young athlete’s decision to join a new team.
Describe the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the US economy in less than 100 words.
Construct a quiz to test someone's knowledge of the Declaration of Independence.
Create a story about a robot that falls in love with a human.
Guess the correct answer for this question: What is the capital of Spain?
"What is the meaning of this proverb: ""A rolling stone gathers no moss"""
Name two evidence-based benefits that sound therapy brings to people.
Determine the probability of getting four of a kind in Poker
"Create an example budget for a family income of $30,000 per year."
"Give an example of a company that follows a ""customer-centric"" approach."
"What decade is the song ""It's My Life"" by Bon Jovi released?"
Create an algorithm that can determine the palindromes in a given string
In what way is the use of artificial intelligence beneficial for individuals?
Identify the major characters in the novel Romeo and Juliet
Find a recipe for pan seared salmon.
"Write a 500-word article on the topic of ""Effective Communication Skills""."
"Find a parallel structure in the following sentence: ""She cooked dinner, cleaned the dishes, and did the laundry."""
Estimate the number of countries in the world.
Describe a scene where two characters are arguing.
Design a well-crafted question that can assess the performance of a GPT model.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise: “People should be aware of the negative impact of single-use plastics on the environment.”
How might someone use machine learning to identify fake news?
Write a code snippet in Javascript that assigns a value to an array.
Give a short overview of the DREAM act.
Name three birds with brown feathers.
Generate a list of 3 names for a fictional character.
Develop 2 strategies for reducing stress.
Name a metric to measure engagement in a webinar.
"State the full name of the author of ""Alice's Adventures in Wonderland""."
Write an algorithm with pseudocode for searching through a list of numbers for a particular value.
Find an example of a graphic design project that uses black and white colors.
Develop a strategy for reducing stress
Which musical instrument is known as the King of Instruments?
Describe what sustainable agriculture is.
Design a valid HTML form with two input fields.
Describe the purpose of sorting algorithms.
Name the 3 dark-skinned actors who won the Academy Award for Best Actor or Best Actress since the year 2000.
Describe the data pre-processing steps in a machine learning project
What is the most important thing university students should learn?
How does data deduplication work?
Create a list of questions to ask an interviewer when applying for a media job
Create a function for calculating factorials.
What is one way to reduce air pollution in urban areas?
"Construct a sentence using the words 'anthem', 'democracy', and 'pride'."
In what circumstances would an entity choose to register as a C Corporation?
Brainstorm 5 ways a company can reduce their losses.
Explain the dangers of uncontrolled wildfires
Generate a memorable quote from Albert Einstein.
Output the base-10 logarithm of 100.
What is the difference between 'prime number' and 'composite number'?
Create a list of 5 verbs that could be used to describe playing a sport.
Design a superhero that has the power of telepathy.
Create a recipe for a nutritious breakfast smoothie.
Describe a strange dream you have just had.
Offer a suggestion on how to motivate employees.
Generate 5 interesting pieces of trivia.
Write a sentence that expresses a fact.
Name 5 common sorting algorithms
Experimental Study on Human Error in Database Systems
What is the most potent psychoactive chemical in marijuana?
Analyze how the scientific method can be used to solve difficult problems.
Write a short story related to technological advancement.
What is the difference between a network and the internet?
Explain the concept of market diversification
Name five cities in France.
"Describe the color ""red"" in a metaphorical way."
Name three negative effects of excessive cellphone use.
Construct a 3-layer neural network
Explain why it is important for computer users to not download pirated software.
Describe what DNA is.
"Construct a sentence using the phrase ""every day""."
Tell a story about a mischievous rabbit
Name at least two Indian states that border Bangladesh.
Generate a policy that encourages diversity in the workplace.
List two advantages of using GPT-3 models.
Explain the benefits of using public transportation
Describe the concept of punctuated equilibrium.
Imagine you just won the lottery. Describe what your life would be like after that.
Generate the number 6 using only the numbers 3 and 5.
Write a paragraph that describes a sunset
Collect data on the US presidential elections and classify them into appropriate categories.
"Compute the average of numbers 5, 6, and 7"
Generate a dialogue that could take place between a waiter and a customer ordering food.
What can be done to improve cross-cultural communication?
Create an allegory referencing current politics.
Write a brief biography of Alexander the Great.
"Write a CSS rule to center the words ""center me"" in the page."
What were the main elements of the Hundred Days Reform of 1898?
What are some best practices for protecting sensitive data?
What is the name of the company that develops the nVidia GeForce?
How would you be monitoring and evaluating the performance of a GPT model?
List three main components of a modern car engine.
Come up with a creative use for an empty tissue box.
Imagine you are at a bakery and asked to make a cake. Describe the cake in detail.
Create a haiku about your favorite hobby.
Explain how plants respond to the environment.
Write a sample cover letter for a marketing position.
Design a product that would make cleaning easier.
To which country does Madrid belong?
Calculate the 5th power of 3.
Create a tweet about the topic of online privacy
Construct a list of items you need for a hiking trip.
Name one key element for designing an effective chatbot.
Identify a popular figure in the tech industry who is an example of success.
Identify three benefits of using a content management system (CMS).
Suggest how Companies can use Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Edit this sentence to be more exact: “I want to get some food.”
"Summarize the key points of the book ""The Three Musketeers"" in 3 sentences or less."
"Paraphrase this sentence:

""We will find a new way to do things"""
Give an example for a comma splice
Offer a suggestion on how to lower a customer's electric bill.
What is the importance of nutrition in maintaining physical health?
Suggest a healthy mid-morning snack.
How does a bot give an answer to a query?
"Generate a list of valid email addresses following the format ""name@example.com"""
Suggest a book for someone who enjoys adventure stories.
Think of a way to make money online.
Design an organization chart for a restaurant.
Write a story about a person who goes on an adventure with no money.
"Create a paragraph about cities using only words that start with the letter ""P""."
Describe the differences between the terms “mutual friendship” and “mutual respect”.
List at least 3 reasons why it is important to keep a budget.
Generate a list of country names in the western hemisphere.
What is the difference between a high pressure system and a low pressure system?
"Rewrite the following sentence: ""They're not going to get away with this"""
What are the some advantages of using digital technologies in the classroom?
Name five animals native to Africa.
Describe what self-awareness means in 1-2 sentences.
"In the context of US politics, define the term gerrymandering."
"Correct this sentence: ""It's raining very hardly outside""."
What is the expected behavior in a library?
Explain the concept of digital marketing.
Name two strategies that can be used to protect yourself from cyber attacks.
Convert 12 liters to gallons.
Outline an exercise routine for a beginner weight-lifter.
Design a program that teaches students about data structures.
"Rank the following sports from most to least popular: soccer, basketball, rugby"
Make a list of five deep learning techniques.
Create a three step process for cleaning a whiteboard.
Generate 5 predictions for the upcoming US presidential elections.
What is the largest mountain in South America?
Find the derivative of f(x) = x^2 - 4x + 6.
Create a reason why a customer might want to buy the product.
List the four main Hindu deities.
Generate a romantic message for a couple
Identify the process of photosynthesis.
What invention in the 20th century made the most significant impact on the world?
Describe a fictional character.
Create a list of five tips on how to effectively take notes in class.
Describe the purpose of internet protocol version 6 (IPv6).
Give a recommendation for a movie to watch.
Describe the origin of the Christmas tree.
Play a unique game
Compare the health benefits of marine life to land animals.
Describe the features and benefits of a computerized decision support system
"Rewrite the following sentence: ""Cats love to eat fish."""
Who was the king of England in the 16th century?
"Write a story that illustrates the phrase ""Life is a journey""."
Identify a characteristic of mammals.
Name three common adjectives that describe people
Suggest possible strategies for reducing carbon emissions.
Create a list of health benefits of being active.
Create the HTML code for a website with a header and a body.
Describe the different parts of a camera.
Describe the relationship of philosophy and knowledge
Design a game that could be played with a standard deck of playing cards.
Name three characteristics of tropical rainforests.
"Write a sequence of characters that contain 8 characters and ends with ""z""."
Explain why the death penalty should be abolished.
Describe what an antivirus does.
How could a company use customer feedback in its product design?
Create a marketing campaign slogan for a pet grooming business.
Suggest a strategy to save money.
How does artificial intelligence impact our daily life?
Create a valid HTML heading from size 3 to size 5.
"Summarize the following paragraph in less than 50 words:

""Leonardo da Vinci is known as an artist, inventor, and scientist. He painted the famous Mona Lisa and The Last Supper, and also designed many inventions such as the helicopter and the tank. He was a master draftsman, sculptor, and anatomist."""
Give advice on how to ease a person's stress.
What is the average annual salary for a customer service developer?
Describe the invention process for a new machine.
Create a word search puzzle to practice vocabulary about holidays
Generate a list of clothes to buy for a three-year-old boy.
Imagine you are from the 1700s. Try to write a sentence in the language used in that era.
"Explain the distinction between ""observable"" and ""inferable"" behavior."
Create a new customer account for the customer Emma White.
What are the five biggest countries in Europe by area?
Divide the number 34 into three groups such that the quotient is the same in all groups.
Give examples of ways to reduce pollution.
Describe how an electrical circuit works.
Describe a meaningful conversation that you have had recently.
Convert 3/4 into a decimal.
Generate a movie poster for a thriller movie set in New York
Compare and contrast the Democratic and Republican parties.
Determine which season is the longest
What are the benefits of social media for businesses?
Create an entity recognition system for a given dataset.
Provide an example of a command line argument.
Find the number of students in Maths 101.
Generate a dialogue between a customer service representative and a customer who has a complaint.
Generate a causal argument that explains why solar energy is preferable over coal.
Generate a creative story about a teenage athlete.
Tell a story about a robot stranded on an island.
Find two examples of binary classification problems.
Explain what a scientific calculator is.
Create an array containing the first 10 prime numbers.
Describe an attribute of a leader
List four popular musuems in London.
Create a headline for a breaking news story about a politician.
Name three symptoms of coronavirus.
Describe the metamorphosis of a caterpillar into a butterfly.
Explain what hidden layers are used for.
"Create a class with three students, a teacher and a room number."
Write a 300-word article about global warming.
"Determine the type of noun in this sentence:

The children ran down the street."
"Identify the logical fallacy in the following statement:
""We should close the borders to protect our jobs from being taken away by immigrants."""
Type out instructions for cooking a simple omelet.
"Identify an example of alliteration in this sentence: ""The capping camouflage caterpillar crawled forward carefully."""
Generate a description of a character from a fantasy world.
Name two famous monuments in Washington D.C.
Generate a creative anacrostic poem for the word 'autumn'
Come up with five tips for maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Compile a list of healthy lifestyle choices.
Generate a new recipe for chicken Parmesan.
Explain the consequences of a monopoly.
Design a tagline for a website selling ecology-friendly products.
Calculate the integral of x^3 from x=0 to x=5
"Help a student create a research paper title about ""Public Education in the US""."
Describe the components of language.
Write a code to store and access the value of a particular number in a list by passing the address of the location as a parameter.
Generate a story about a forest ranger exploring an uncharted area.
Write a code to output a word pyramid from the word 'apple.'
Describe the role of emotional intelligence in the workplace
Describe how it feels to be inside a haunted house.
Suggest a resolution to the following ethical dilemma: Your friend has been caught cheating on a test.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: The approach that has been taken for this project is one of urgency and speed.
Describe the culture of Ancient Greece.
Name a popular movie released in 1999.
"Rewrite the following sentence in the active voice:

The possibility of winning was thought to be impossible by many."
Compare and contrast China's and the U.S.'s approach to regulating internet privacy.
Compare and contrast a biconditional statement to a conditional statement.
What is an artificial neural network and what does it do?
Generate an equation to calculate the volume of a sphere.
Design a logo for a mobile application.
Analyze the correlation between economic growth and unemployment.
Suggest a YA fiction novel
"Create a new tagline for the company ""Apple""."
"Identify the type of this sentence: ""I ate breakfast."""
Summarize the purpose of a unit testing strategy.
Identify three positive impacts of technology.
Write a sentence that expresses the emotion of annoyance.
Please write a poem of five lines.
List 10 important events in the history of the US.
Write pseudocode for a Merge Sort algorithm.
Name 5 'symptoms' of a broken website
What is the main difference between random forests and decision trees?
Give me a metaphor for a good relationship.
Describe the concept of augmented reality and its use in modern society.
What are the similarities between a waterfall and a river?
Change the following sentence to past tense: She will finish the project soon.
Create five questions about gorillas.
Name a type of fruit that starts with the letter 'P'.
Compare a bacteria cell to a plant cell.
Write a description of a fun adventure experience.
Give a detailed description of the differences between Marxism and Capitalism.
What is symbolic AI and how is it different from machine learning?
Can you explain how blockchains work?
"Find the word which means the same as ""fleeting"""
How many minutes are there in 24 hours?
What is the difference between static electricity and current electricity?
Write a paragraph that describes a time when you achieved a difficult goal.
Create a short story about a young witch struggling with identity
How would you create a website similar to Reddit?
"Convert the following sentence from active to passive voice.
The police arrested the suspect."
Come up with a story about a customer who relies on data science for success.
"Construct a boolean query to find all documents that contain the words ""GPT-2"" and ""language model"""
What kind of food do they usually eat in Spain?
Tell me three known short-term effects of smoking marijuana.
Please create a list of the first 3 prime numbers
Generate a list of tips to make a presentation more engaging.
Describe the smell of fresh-baked cookies.
Design a learning plan for a student who wants to broaden their knowledge of computer science.
Give a detailed plan for a 30-minute exercise routine
Name five characteristics of good customer service.
"Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise:

""The development of technology has revolutionized our lives in many ways and changed the way we think and interact with each other"""
Elaborate the concept of equilibrium in the context of economics.
Explain the function of a computer’s RAM
Choose three puns to use in a conversation with a friend.
Name two commodities traded in the Forex market.
How can a web developer add interactivity to a web page?
Share a funny anecdote about a soccer match.
"Analyze the imagery used in the following sentence: ""The sun shone like a golden blanket over the landscape."""
Create a list of 5 things that make you feel happy.
Describe the significance of the Fourth of July holiday in America.
Generate an example sentence using the present perfect continuous tense.
Write a sentence that displays the use of personification.
Estimate how long it would take to read a 100-page book.
Generate a new idea for a form of art.
Create a program the calculates the distance between two points.
Summarize the novel Moby-Dick in under 80 words
Describe a scene of a person sleeping outdoors.
Come up with a list of 5 activities for a preschooler to do in their spare time.
What is a 9-digit number that is divisible by 7?
Simulate a conversation for two people introducing themselves for the first time.
Give a good example of a book title that conveys a message of resilience.
Write a classified advertisement
Create a metric that could measure the impact of a social media campaign.
Name two features of a support vector machine (SVM).
What are some ways to reduce air pollution?
What are the effects of deforestation on the local climate?
Write a Python function that takes a number and returns the factorial of that number.
Write a regular expression to match a string of 10 numerical digits.
Describe the concept of machine learning using simple words.
Describe a place where you feel most at peace
What is the most common cause of death in the United States?
Provide 3 tips for new programmers.
Explain the impact of fast fashion on the environment.
Please name a traditional holiday meal in Korea
Write a persuasive argument to convince someone that global warming is real.
What types of data can be collected by businesses to improve their operations?
Suggest a way to store apples for a longer shelf life
Describe what a smartphone does in five words or less.
Make a plan for studying for a test.
Who are the top five CEOs of AI startups?
Describe the colors yellow and blue.
List all the elements in group two of the periodic table.
Name the countries that are in Europe.
Think of a creative title for an article about the benefits of outdoor exercise
Name a famous jazz musician
Create a list of three facts about cats
Describe the consequences of a broken promise.
Name one health benefit of eating fruits.
How does the presence of renewable energy affect the environment?
Formulate a research hypothesis to be used to investigate the topic of the influence of advertising on consumer behavior
What are mutual funds and how do they work?
Generate 5 techniques to enhance the reader's focus.
Give an example of an appropriate reminder that could be set using a GPT model.
Compare the following two programming languages: Java and Python.
Is it possible to generate random numbers using a computer?
Provide a strategy for dealing with failure.
Write five questions about the US Constitution.
Generate a list of questions and answers to test someone's knowledge of world history.
Create 3 product recommendations for a customer who wishes to buy a laptop with advanced gaming capabilities.
Explain how AI can be used to improve customer service.
Explain how to divide a number by 10.
"Create a sentence that uses the nouns ""leopard"" and ""shadow""."
Name the five primary colors.
Compare and contrast Pascal's Triangle and Fibonacci sequence
Select a few words that describe yourself.
Provide an example of a situation where a barrier to entry prevents competition.
"Describe a scenario where Alice, a customer service representative, provides good customer service."
Create a perfect backyard design for entertaining guests with a budget of $1000.
Generate a conversation with a customer who is inquiring about returns.
Describe a scene in which motivation to complete a task is lacking.
Name the 5 largest countries by population
What is the value of 5 to the power of 4?
Compose a paragraph about the Hindenburg Disaster.
Write a query to find all books published in 2021 and later.
Create a poster about water conservation
Generate a list of 3 effective strategies for studying.
"What does the phrase ""turning a blind eye"" mean?"
Write three metaphors that describe love.
Create a quick and easy way to store user data.
Describe the effect of globalization on the economic growth of developing countries.
Describe the most challenging project that you have ever worked on.
Provide an example of a non-alcoholic beverage.
What is the principle of inverse square law?
Generate a tweet about women's rights.
"What does the phrase ""the world is a stage"" mean?"
"Explain what is meant by the term ""complexity"" in the context of computer science"
Explain what an algorithm is in 100 words.
Generate a user interface design for a mobile phone app that helps people track their daily tasks and to-do lists.
"Select the correct homophone for ""sight."""
Describe a data science project you've worked on.
Write a paragraph about the importance of goal setting.
Come up with 5 new ideas for a product design.
"Explain the meaning of the following idiom: ""See eye to eye""."
Provide 10 key terms related to neural networks.
"Summarize the key points in the article, ""10 Reasons Why We Should All Wear Masks""."
Create a story about an elephant for a child aged four.
Generate a recursive program that can calculate the factorial.
Evaluate the effectiveness of the US healthcare system.
Calculate the price if 5 items cost $15 each.
What are the three most important components of an email message?
What are the benefits of going on a long walk?
How can one develop a healthier lifestyle?
Calculate the total cost of purchasing 5 laptops at the price of 899 each.
Generate an email that summarizes the previous day's accomplishments.
Design an AI-based system to predict customer satisfaction
Provide a brief explanation of the String Theory.
Write a list of ingredients.
What is the most appropriate title for a blog post about budgeting?
Name a type of vehicle that can float.
Describe the benefits that artificial intelligence brings to the healthcare industry.
Name one data augmentation technique and how it works.
"Summarize in 2-3 sentences about the main character of the novel ""Romeo and Juliet""."
What would be the most effective way to motivate a team of 10 people?
Create a character profile for a main character in the fantasy novel.
Describe the smell at a bakery
Bring a virtual assistant to life by providing a detailed description.
Write a set of instructions to teach a person how to cook scrambled eggs.
Write an algorithm to reverse a string.
"Research a famous plant-based chef, summarize their career and provide their website link."
Name three benefits of technology on society
Describe 4 strategies for dealing with a difficult person.
Calculate the atomic mass for lithium.
What is the benefit of using a neural network for computer vision tasks?
"Change the following sentence to be in future tense.
I laughed at his joke."
"Rewrite the following sentence in a more fluent way: “I ran away, so the monster won't catch me”"
What features distinguish mammals from other animals?
Identify the five noteworthy aspects of the Declaration of Independence.
Generate a story about a character who finally manages to fulfill their dream.
Explain what is machine learning in simple words.
List five tips to keep data safe in an organization.
Calculate the solution to 12 × 7.
Generate a list of five romantic ideas for a special-occasion date.
Name two advantages of online shopping.
Name a type of chicken and describe its features.
Generate a list of five stress-relieving activities
Describe what will happen in the following equation 3x+2=8
Create a program to generate a new recipe for a main dish of your choice.
How would you explain the concept of evolution to a child?
How would you protect yourself from cybercrime?
Construct a python class for an apple.
"Arrange the words in the following sentence to form two new sentences of equal meaning:

Road cars river crossing"
"Construct a SQL statement that selects the name, ID, and address from a table called ""people"""
Analyze why a persuasive speech is effective.
Describe the influence of cultural differences on effective communication
What is the total cost of buying 10 cinema tickets that cost 6 euros each?
Describe what a neural network is in three sentences.
"Explain what a ""food desert"" is and why they are a problem."
Suggest a data structure to store user data.
Generate a funny pun about the internet.
What is the most important step a government must take to combat climate change?
Generate a two-digit number between 5 and 11 without repeating the digits give a two-digit number between 5 and 11 without repeating the digits
Create a simile for silence.
Create a list of safety measures for operating machinery.
Tell me a traditional story.
"Arrange the words ""barbecue"" and ""Saturday"" into a meaningful sentence."
Construct two sentences using complex grammar
"Generate a creative story, with no less than 150 words, about a robot who discovers the secret of eternal life."
What techniques can I use to reduce the risk of cyberattacks?
Explain why the moon's appearance can vary each night.
Explain what is the difference between knowledge and wisdom to a student.
"Identify a US state that begins with the letter ""S""."
Compose creative message for 1-2 year-olds who just graduated preschool.
Create 3 statements about the effects of global warming
Generate an original poem about nature.
Describe what is a basic income?
Explain how waves move.
Name four majors offered in California universities.
Create a fantasy world and describe it.
Create a metaphor for the emotion of sadness
Compose a short story about an astronaut traveling far into outer space.
"Create a password for me that contains one letter, one number, and one symbol."
Name a sport which is played indoors.
Create a function that takes a list of strings and returns a list without duplicates.
Identify the sum of the angles of a triangle.
"Rank the following elements of a camping trip by level of importance (1 being the most important, 4 being the least important): food, sleeping bag, water, tent."
Why is the Nile River so important?
Describe a process of how to make scrambled eggs
Write a story that makes use of alliteration.
List five steps for comparing two products.
Name two AWS services that can be used to deploy a web application.
Design a system for tracking the progress of an individual’s physical exercise routine.
Debate the pros and cons of the proposed soda tax.
Construct a data table showing the differences between Keynesian and classical economics.
"Generate a sentence using the words ""caffeine"", ""hunter"", and ""monday""."
Find the value of n in the expression n^2 - 5n + 6.
Generate a set of instructions to allow a user to print a document from a computer.
What is an example of a technology that uses artificial intelligence?
Generate a list of problems that technology can solve.
Generate a headline for a newspaper article about a new law protecting worker rights.
Tell a story about a situation in which the person feels lonely.
What is the current inflation rate in the US?
Explain how passing on a small inheritance can have a positive impact.
Output a list of brands of pasta.
Compose a tweet about GPT-3.
Generate a unique introduction to a speech about computer vision.
Reverse engineer this program to understand how it works.
Describe the tastes and texture of a mango.
Explain how linear regression works.
State three ways in which technology can be used to improve the education system.
Write a story about a monster living in a dark cave.
Generate a creative marketing slogan for an online shopping website.
Come up with three interesting facts about the Mauna Kea volcano.
Give an example of a browser compatibility issue in web design.
Cite a 2016 Supreme Court case.
Come up with three questions to ask a potential employer in an interview.
Generate 10 alternative endings for a story.
Write a detailed definition of “Internet of Things (IoT)”
What steps should someone take before running a meeting?
What year did the United States enter World War II?
"Explain the meaning of the term ""phonetics"" in one sentence."
"Paraphrase this sentence: ""Vaccines have become a key tool in protecting public health""."
List 15 adjectives that describe a dog
How can a customer show appreciation to customer service staff
"Generate a word (noun) that rhymes with ""heart""."
List five possible obstacles that a person striving for success can face
Generate a story about a paladin who was on a quest to find a magical artifact.
Compose a Twinkle twinkle little star in French.
Name a benefit of modern technology.
Name three specific techniques for reducing the memory requirement of a neural network.
Come up with a creative way to market a new business.
Summarize the main character's journey in the movie The Pursuit of Happiness.
Explain the firing process for a company that has less than 10 people.
"Choose the correct verb to finish this sentence: ""The storm caused the electricity __________""."
Design a logo for a company that specializes in custom cakes.
State the main differences between a tornado and a hurricane.
List four examples of herbivores
Assign an appropriate name to the following new species of butterfly.
Suggest an interesting topic to write about.
Generate an adventure activity for a group of ten people.
Suggest a behavior that violates an unspoken workplace rule.
Name a type of pasta dish
Offer one alternative to consuming animal products.
Imagine you have purchased a new car. Create a to-do list for prepping the car for its first drive.
Construct an algorithm to make digital photo montage.
Produce a five line haiku poem describing a sunset.
Create a character sketch of the protagonist of the book.
"Change the text so that it follows the humorous tone.

John and Amy bought a new car."
Analyze the effects of climate change on food production.
What kind of activities do employees engage in to stay creative on the job?
Write a short paragraph describing the life of someone who is over 80 years old.
Predict the most likely outcome of the upcoming climate change conference.
Create a personification of a night wind.
Generate a phrase that communicates optimism.
"Rewrite the following sentence in a more formal way:

""I am getting bored of this."""
Describe a person you admire.
Write a blog post discussing the advantages of solar energy.
"Find the pun in this sentence: ""A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat."""
"Generate a sentence using the words: Africa, yellow, and science."
Describe the key ingredients of a successful product launch.
Create a text analysis algorithm to classify text into various categories.
What are the key drivers of growth in the healthcare industry?
Name 3 methods that can be used for data cleaning.
Design a logo that conveys the brand name ‘Jetsetter’.
Find the largest lake in Africa.
Describe the contributions of Benjamin Franklin to the world.
Design a newsletter template.
Name all the red fruits that can be eaten raw.
Describe the characteristics of a play by Shakespeare.
Generate a story about a person who is surprised to learn about the adventures of their stuffed animal.
Create an example of a valid email address.
Write down one example of a force that does work on an object?
Suggest three cities in California that could be great for a family vacation.
Describe the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the fashion industry.
What are the main features of the Periodic Table?
Suggest a way to create a memorable brand identity.
Describe an algorithm for finding the roots of a quadratic equation.
Describe the color of a giraffe
"Write a creative poem, with no less than 24 lines, about a turtle."
generate a list of ten interesting things about a cat
"Analyze the film ""Avatar"" in one sentence."
Predict the average speed of a cheetah in m/s
"Paraphrase this sentence: ""Doing the right thing is difficult"""
Find all words that rhyme with 'cat'.
Describe how cloud computing works
Explain the term “Frontend Development.”
How does online shopping benefit consumers?
Come up with an original poem about the beauty of nature.
Create a recipe for a tasty fruit salad
Generate a unique story featuring two characters and a moral lesson.
Discuss why teamwork is important
Name three potential problems a company may face when adopting a new technology.
Change this sentence to make it sound more formal: I wanted to alert you
Generate the form of the past of the following verb: Fly
List five common uses of AI technology.
Write a description of a cloudless summer sky.
Describe the life cycle of a product
Write a c program that takes a string from the user and reverses it
"Translate the sentence ""Dónde está la biblioteca?"" from Spanish to English."
Explain the fundamental differences between computer science and software engineering.
Generate a list of five potential issues that could arise from introducing an AI chatbot.
Name a major difference between cats and dogs.
Create a list of tips to help someone who is new to blogging.
Select a suitable luxury car for a large family.
Construct a query to pull the top 10 countries in terms of population.
Create a regular expression that selects words that have 3 or more consecutive vowels
"Come up with a slang term for the phrase ""working hard""."
"Explain the term ""impeachment"""
Summarize the story of Cinderella.
Make a list of tools to help clean a messy home.
Explain what computer memory or RAM is
Name a popular amusement park in Europe
Name three American presidents in the 21st century.
Generate five nouns related to the topic of technology.
Explain why English is a difficult language to learn.
Convert the date “7/3/21” from the American format to the European format.
Describe a fashion trend that is currently popular in your city.
Come up with an example of an event that may cause changes in political spending patterns.
Provide some tips for writing a persuasive essay.
Create a compelling argument to support the importance of art in education.
Compare and contrast cross-validation and out-of-sample testing.
Describe a desert ecosystem.
Name five popular pop songs from the 80s.
Compare the speed of your broadband connection to the speed of your neighbor's connection.
"Convert the following SQL query into MongoDB query.

SELECT * FROM movies WHERE year >= 2000"
Compose a sentence in Future Perfect Continuous Tense
Provide an example of a non-renewable source of energy.
Write a blog post about improving mental health.
Suggest a way to store customer data securely
Determine the application of statistics in the field of economics.
Identify 3 types of fallacy in argumentation.
Generate a list of possible health benefits for eating blueberries.
Brainstorm three realistic benefits of remote work.
Generate a suggestion for the title of a new song
Name two ways to save money on groceries
What would be a reasonable expectation for returning a borrowed item?
Tell me about the latest news.
Create a programming challenge which requires a basic understanding of an algorithm.
List some advantages of using a robot in a factory.
Identify a suitable application for using a genetic algorithm
Generate a list of actionable things one can do to reduce daily household energy consumption.
Name any three methods of data collection.
Calculate the cube root of 125.
Name two famous examples of natural language processing.
Generate a list of questions to properly evaluate an employee's performance.
Generate a metaphor comparing worry to a garden.
Write a first sentence for a short story.
Generate three example questions for a survey about air travel.
Generate an programming code to calculate the sum of two numbers
What does the acronym S.M.A.R.T. stand for?
Generate a list of 5 things to do for self-care.
How would you explain a machine learning algorithm to a child?
How many players are on the field during a regular football match?
Develop a marketing strategy for an online store.
Explain how to use Google Sheets to compare data from two different cells.
Describe the psychoanalytic approach.
List five benefits of using artificial intelligence in marketing.
Name five things that you can use to make a fire.
"Report the average temperature in Scottsdale, AZ on January 17th, 2021."
Tell me the lowdown about the internet of things.
Describe the main differences between an engine used in a car and an engine used in a plane.
Pretend you are advising a friend who is going through a difficult situation. Create a positive message to give them.
"Write a poem using the following words: fog, sorrow, distance, dream."
Explain the concept of “expectation bias”.
Explain the concept of exponential growth.
Give three tips to improve a company's online presence.
Write a few sentences describing a zombie apocalypse.
Explain the concept of cogging torque.
Create a timeline of computer technology from 1960-1980
Create a synopsis of a science fiction film.
List three reasons why the internet is important for modern society.
Identify the type of irony present in the following sentence: She was an hour late for her meeting about punctuality.
Make a list of three foods with a lot of protein
Come up with a rule that will classify the input of x > 4 and x < 6 as true.
Brainstorm five innovative uses of AI
Create a timeline for developing a PR campaign.
Compare and contrast two different types of facial recognition technologies.
Design an algorithm to calculate the average of three numbers.
Design a survey to find out how users feel about a particular product
"Describe, in a few sentences, the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic has had on the lives of people worldwide"
"Translate the sentence ""People need love"" to Spanish"
Create a sentence describing a landscape
Come up with a word cloud based on the following theme: pollution.
Write a function to search an array
Identify three prime numbers between 1 and 10.
List the five most important features of a customer service representative.
Give 3 tips on CSS Grid usage.
Explain the most common methods of making money online
Create a false fact about the planet Mars
Create 10 original usernames with the base word ‘gpt3’
Identify three sources of stress people may experience.
"Rewrite the following sentence: "" The consequence of failure was punishment for not doing the job correctly"""
How did the World Wars affect people’s attitudes and lives?
Brainstorm 10 unique ideas to promote an environmental cause
Write the code to implement a function that takes two numbers and returns their product.
Propose an idea which could change the world.
Write an algorithm to identify prime numbers.
Tell me about the Salem Witch Trials.
"Given the following random words: elephant, rainbow, scissors, vacation. Create a sentence that contains all of them."
Predict the stock market trend of Ford over the next three months.
Describe what type of animal is a koala.
What is the best month to visit Canada?
Generate a persuasive speech about how space exploration does more harm than good.
Generate a generic URL for a website about cats
What is the most important step when making a plan?
In which countries is Portuguese spoken?
Outline the reasons why reading is important.
Add 3 new ingredients to a pasta dish.
Create a function to calculate the average of four numbers.
List the seven principles of Kwanzaa.
Build a chatbot for a website
How many teaspoons are in 1/4 cup?
Generate a dialogue between two characters discussing the impact of technology on society.
Explain why data augmentation is important in machine learning.
Brainstorm five ways to reduce emissions from transportation.
Explain why television ads may not be effective for all candidates.
Imagine that you are giving a presentation. Write down the opening line of your presentation.
Come up with a list of vocabulary words related to web development.
Name the world's highest mountain peak.
Convert the number 720 to base 10.
How can you distinguish between a synchronous and asynchronous function?
Generate a headline that would appear on a news website.
Search the web and list five top rated Italian restaurants in Manhattan.
What kind of activity can you suggest to do with family on a Sunday afternoon?
"Write a short story of maximum 100 words including the keyword ""treasure""."
Make a list of books and authors in the fantasy genre
Generate a piece of dialog between two characters discussing the current weather.
Calculate the cost of 3 kg of apples if the cost of 1 kg is $2.
Design a financial budget plan for a family of four.
State the pros and cons of implementing a more stringent emissions policy
Under what conditions does the speed of light remain constant?
"Summarize the novel ""The Lord of the Rings""."
Compose a story that's 100 words long
Create a list of five topics to discuss at a meeting about customer service.
Name some advantages of using AI in business
Give three tips for designing an effective website
Describe how AI can help improve customer service experience.
Describe the following noun: dog.
Identify the main goal of a recommender system
Come up with a strategy to manage stress.
"Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise: ""The board of directors decided that new employees should be allowed to work from home on Fridays."""
"Create a new, interesting fantasy character."
Give me an example of a food that is considered a superfood
How is the life of an adult Penguin?
"Change the sentence ""The cat sees the bird"" into past tense."
"Rank the following items in order of importance: customer service, employee satisfaction, sales."
Who won the most Oscars in the 21st century?
Create a list of three activities for a two-year-old on a rainy day.
Explain the relevance of the Pythagorean Theorem in the real world.
Name three of the world’s most populous countries
Ge rerate 3 product ideas for a new mobile application.
Rewrite the following sentence in the form of an imperative command: Please keep your cellphones off during the lecture.
Name five breakfast foods.
Name two similarities between a tomato and an apple.
What is the name of the tallest mountain in North America?
Construct a list of tips to help reduce stress.
"Rearrange the following words to make a valid sentence:
weather different between countries"
Tell me three benefits of yoga.
Document five challenges of online classes.
Briefly describe how an AI-based virtual assistant works.
Produce an analysis of the advertising industry.
Name one of the original 13 colonies of the United States.
Generate 5 multiplication problems
Describe how the color blue relates to nature.
List some famous artists from the Baroque period.
"Summarize the following story in 1 sentence: ""John had been running his neighborhood store for 20 years, but due to the falling demand he had to close it down."""
"Analyze the following statement: ""You can praise a flower for its beauty, but it will not understand."""
"Given the username @Cleto55, generate a suitable password that contains 8 characters, at least one uppercase, one lowercase, one number, and one special symbol."
Name one type of air pollution.
"What is the verb of ""to look""?"
Write a email to an online store demanding a refund for an item that you recently purchased.
Generate a rap about dreams.
What are the three states of matter?
Explain why the price elasticity of demand is important for businesses.
Create a plan of attack for a chess game.
Describe how weather forecasting models are built.
Design a program for drawing basic shapes.
Write six topic sentences for an essay about the Civil Rights Movement
Name five Mexican dishes.
Describe how artificial intelligence is transforming the education sector.
What is the definition of a metric system?
"Can you make a word cloud out of these three words: art, beauty, and imagination?"
Suggest the best way to combat procrastination.
"Come up with 5 multiple-choice questions about the movie ""The Godfather""."
"Use the word ""scrumptious"" in a sentence."
Who designed the Golden Gate Bridge?
Create a complicated mathematical equation.
Create a sequence of instructions for setting up a home studio.
"Rewrite the following sentence using a synonym for the word ""impact"": The impact of the pandemic has been devastating."
Tell me two features of a reliable car.
What is the name of the French national anthem?
List 3 good examples of a balanced diet.
Describe the illusion of a glass of water
List two proverbs about friendship.
"Write 7 words related to the word ""party""."
Describe the steps for changing a tire.
"Edit the following sentence to remove the incorrect grammar: ""My sister and I filmed a movie together last Sunday."""
Provide 3 examples of emotions commonly experienced by humans.
What are three skills that an employee should possess for a managerial job?
Identify the independent and dependent variables in this equation: y = 2x + 1
Create a story of a child who is afraid of the dark
Give me three synonyms for the word “gusto”.
"Define the term ""natural selection""."
Describe the meaning of perseverance.
Write a mental health tip.
Find the most recent example of a mountain being formed by tectonic forces.
Explain the process of photosynthesis to a child.
Design a data visualization to show the evolution of the stock market over time.
Explain the difference between scientific theory and scientific law.
Create playlists of 5 songs that match these two moods: calming and romantic.
Imagine that you walk into a cafe to have a cup of coffee. Describe the experience in less than 100 words.
Identify 3 types of bilingualism.
"Spell out ""happy"" in sign language"
"Reword this sentence in your own words.

They want to use the plan as soon as possible."
Is quantum computing the future of computing?
Describe a holiday atmosphere.
Explain how to use the GPT information to generate a response from an assistant.
Write a one sentence that conveys the sadness of broken dreams
"Explain what ""normalization"" means in the context of database design."
Describe 5 advantages of cloud computing.
Rewrite the following sentence in simple terms: “I manage my budget using a spreadsheet program.”
Generate a design logo for a store that sells outdoor camping equipment.
"Given the word “love”, create a phrase with it."
"Find the area of a triangle with side lengths of 5, 10, and 12."
Create a travel itinerary for a 5-day holiday in London.
List five common treatments for depression
Name a famous scientist who contributed to the development of the internet.
Suggest two songs that may be used for a jogging playlist.
What are the main characters in the Harry Potter books?
Describe how a decision tree algorithm can be used for fraud detection
Explain the concept of 'herd immunity'.
Explain the concept of net neutrality.
Generate a revolutionary manifesto of no more than 500 words.
List 5 activities you can do in a park.
What's five letter word that means to act surreptitiously?
"Explain the meaning of the following idiom: ""Bite off more than you can chew""."
Explain the concept of taxes for an 8 year old.
Come up with a new name for an app that helps manage finances.
Write a poetical stanza about a summer day.
Name the characteristics of an informative speech.
Share five facts about Mount Everest.
"Determine the perimeter of a right angled triangle with sides a = 6, b = 8 and c = 10."
Explain what constitutes the fair use of copyrighted material in an educational setting.
Describe the life of a typical pre-school child in 200 words or less.
Identify four positive impacts that artificial intelligence can have on the healthcare industry
What are the benefits of consuming more fruits and vegetables?
Define the term “strategic planning.”
Highlight two key facts about solar power.
"Generate an alliterative phrase with the phrase ""blue butterfly""."
Create a program to check if the parenthesis of a string are balanced.
Explain how Virtual Reality works.
Write a few lines of an original poem.
Describe a common strength of GPT models.
Create a metaphor that conveys the idea of freedom.
Compose a five word sentence describing your day.
Give three tips for staying healthy.
Compare and contrast website design and web development.
Give an example of a problem that can benefit from artificial intelligence technology.
Answer the following question about Shakespeare. Who was the character Shylock in Shakespeare's 'The Merchant of Venice'?
What is the latest development in Artificial Intelligence?
Determine if 4 and 12 are relatively prime.
Compose a poem inspired by the beach in Cayman Islands.
Create an entertaining quiz to help people learn more about local wildlife.
Describe a successful business model for a company that sells handmade accessories.
"Explain the concept of ""Software as a Service"" (SaaS)."
Create a task for a GPT model.
Describe the movement of tectonic plates.
Formulate a good idea for a computer-generated story.
Generate a list of book titles for a fantasy novel.
Identify the correct command to open a terminal window in Linux.
Construct a query that will display customer data.
Describe the process for creating a PowerPoint presentation
Provide a possible use case for a voice recognition system.
Generate a fantasy creature with its unique special power.
Summarize the function of the liver.
"Rewrite the following sentence using synonyms and/or a different grammatical structure to emphasize the same sentence meaning: ""It was amazing""."
Make a to-do list for the upcoming week.
What are the penalties for plagiarism?
Generate a list of five ways AI can help improve the healthcare industry.
Name five foreign countries that were part of the Soviet Union.
"Create a rhyme using the word ""bark""."
Name three tools used by web designers.
Suggest 3 equipment for camping
Describe an example of a person experiencing the Dunning-Kruger effect.
"Find the equation of the line that passes through the points (4,7) and (6,11)."
Find the area of a triangle whose base is 18 cm and height is 13 cm.
Explain why it's important to back up data.
Tell me a story that deals with putting the environment first.
List all the vegetables that are rich in Vitamin C.
"Classify this sentence as positive, negative or neutral sentiment: ""I am so tired""."
Convert 4 inches to centimeters.
Who qualifies for this job?
Describe the importance of empathy in leadership.
"Rewrite the following sentence to use different words while keeping the same meaning:

""He walked across the street."""
How could a company make sure that customer data is secure?
Suggest one craft activity that can be done indoors.
Name a type of visualisation that can be used to represent time series data.
"Rewrite this sentence to make it in passive voice: ""Aliens visited the planet."""
Name a real-world problem that artificial intelligence can help solve.
What steps should I take to be successful?
Write a poem in haiku form about friendship.
Name three extinct mammals.
Explain what a 3D printer is.
List 3 things to do in order to properly recycle a plastic water bottle.
Generate a new song in the style of Taylor Swift.
Describe a computer's processor
Suggest two benefits of water consumption.
Give a possible explanation for recent declines in pollinator populations.
How can GPT be used to solve complex tasks such as natural language understanding?
Name a vehicle that is environment-friendly.
"What type of moon did we have on the night of December 3rd, 2019?"
Tell us the differences between a refrigerator and a freezer.
What is the probability that it will rain tomorrow?
Design a Sudoku solving algorithm
List the top 5 tourist sites in Rome
"Create a replacement for the following sentences using a different structure: ""I'm taking a break from work."""
Write two additional sentences about desert
State one advantage and one disadvantage of renewable energy sources.
Write your own haiku.
"Create a new title and opening sentence for the following story:

Thor was a brave warrior who lived in an ancient era and belonged to a formidable tribe."
Identify the country in which Dutch is an official language.
Predicte the economic and social consequences of a Mars mission
Suggest a creative way to get more customers to follow the company on social media platforms.
Give an example of something that could not be done with a GPT language model.
Write a script to calculate the product of two numbers
Explain the mechanism of running in humans.
Explain the concept of quantum computing
"Generate the third term in the sequence 2, 5, 9, 14."
Write a warning label for a tool.
How can governments reduce their emissions?
Name two physical conditions that could lead to arthritis.
Compose a story about enjoying the night stars.
Describe a time you used your problem solving skills to solve an issue.
Create a list of the differences between quantitative and qualitative data.
Write the lyrics of a short song about the endangered species.
"Generate a rhyming word for ""boat""."
Compare and contrast the ideas of free will and determinism.
"Given the news headline, ""New Chinese Economy Boom,"" write the opening of the article."
Identify a proverb related to planning.
Pridict if the stock price of Apple Inc. will be higher than $90 tomorrow.
Create a set of interview questions for a Data Scientist position
Generate a haiku using natural sentences.
What is the current exchange rate of US dollar to Japanese yen?
List some common kitchen tools.
Generate a sentence that describes the purpose of a convolutional neural network.
Classify this sentence: The world of computers is fascinating
List three ways to promote sustainability.
Describe a current trend in the field of Machine Learning.
Generate an example of a literary work featuring two characters
Explain the four main steps of organic chemistry.
Explain why a goal setting plan is important.
Construct a research study to compare the effects of meditation and exercise on anxiety levels.
Compose a user manual for a 10GB laptop
What sort of behavior have wolves been observed practicing when in groups?
Compare and contrast the Reformation and the Counter-Reformation
Find a recipe to make French toast.
Create a user interface for a chatbot
Describe the benefits of using artificial intelligence in the banking sector.
What is the purpose of the UN Security Council?
Create a list 5 jobs that require programming skills.
What is a bond?
Please generate 3 to 5 words that are related to winter.
Suggest a website for creating free logos
Please name two dangerous animals that live in Africa.
List 3 facts about the American lotus flower.
Explain the difference between algorithmic complexity and algorithmic efficiency.
Create an appropriate dialogue for a conversation between a customer and a store clerk about buying a new phone.
Describe the subjunctive mood in a sentence.
Spell out the acronym for the United Nations.
Which river runs through the city of London?
Create a list of three daily habits that could lead to creativity breakthroughs.
"Rewrite this sentence to make it sound more polite - ""Where is the closest store?"""
How has technology revolutionized communication?
Explain the differences between the American and Chinese cultures.
List some popular websites for online shopping.
"Translate the sentence ""I come from a small village"" into Spanish"
Describe the food of Thailand
Identify two different ways of using a Drone
Tell the assistant to change the background color of a document to blue.
Generate a model to predict the stock market.
How is open-ended exploration different from goal-oriented exploration?
Name 3 positive things about living in a city.
List the top ten highest peaks in the world.
Tell me the two main types of monarchs
What benefits does cloud computing offer to businesses?
Write two original limericks.
Generate five ideas that can be used in a marketing campaign.
Suggest two strategies to increase engagement among employees.
List five things you should consider before starting a business.
Come up with a short story about a pet turtle.
Explain why socialism is considered an economic system of equality.
Explain the Stock Market to a 10-year-old.
Explain why an AI assistant needs natural language understanding.
"Given the following input, name five different kinds of musical instruments."
Describe an example of abstract art.
"Categorize the following items as either a vehicle or animal: ""Truck"", ""Elephant""."
Explain what adjectives are and give an example.
Create a weather report in the current region.
Generate a radical new idea for a laptop design.
Pick one favorite makeup look and describe it.
Describe the visible spectrum of light in one sentence.
Calculate the sum of this series: 5+10+15+20+25
"Classify this sentence as either positive or negative.

His efforts were in vain."
Make a poem on environmental protection
Provide useful tips on how to get better sleep
Generate five different jokes about physics.
Describe five benefits of using natural lighting.
Describe how one person can make a positive difference in the world.
Generate a list of five ethical principles related to AI.
How can a person improve their critical-thinking ability?
Write a blog post about the importance of time management for small business owners.
Describe the visualization of a flock of birds migrating.
Why do rockets need an engine?
"Since there are several existing databases available online, what factors should be taken into account when selecting the right one?"
What are the different uses of machine learning?
Create a tip for keeping food fresh.
Suggest a way for reducing plastic use
Design a game for kids to learn about animals.
Create a description of a character with a strong sense of independence and responsibility.
Suggest a healthy alternative of a high-fat snack
Compose a 10-second jingle
Convince me why studying history is important.
Write a creative piece of poetry that uses at least three metaphors.
Design a personal website for your portfolio.
Write a regex for an email address.
Express the following fraction in simplest form: 10/25
Estimate the total number of English-speaking people.
Name a celebrity who has become a vegan in the last few years.
Generate a question and answer pair on the economy of the United States.
Customize a recipe for crunchy pancakes.
Create a 5-Step guide on how to use a GPT language model
Create a database schema for a user table.
Provide five idioms related to the moon.
Identify the major human emotions.
Explain why the number e is considered a special number.
Explain why freedom of the press is important
Create an automated response for a customer who has inquired about the warranty of a product.
Compare and contrast what makes a strong leader vs. a strong follower.
Brainstorm five ideas to engage people with a non-profit organisation.
Complete the following Haiku poem
"Describe the movie ""Jurassic Park"" in five sentences."
Share a true story about an instance of resilience.
Describe the political situation and geography of Taiwan.
Construct a new tea recipe.
Explain the nuances of magnetism.
Generate an appropriate resume summary for a human resources manager
"Discuss the enforcement of a ""cell phone safe-zone"" policy in the workplace"
Come up with an argument that supports the statement that technology has made the world more connected.
Choose the correct answer: Is Pluto considered a planet in the Solar System?
Describe the most dangerous form of modern slavery.
Generate a paragraph to explain why it is important to recycle.
Write an entertaining horror story in 200 words.
Generate a plausible explanation for why the polar ice caps are melting.
What are the benefits of using blockchain technology in the finance industry?
Compose a tweet describing your dream job.
For what reason would someone be denied entry to the United States?
How can someone become a successful entrepreneur?
Name five historical figures who had a major influence on the rise of democracy.
Summarize the laws of thermodynamics.
Find an example of a successful marketing plan
Describe the steps involved in creating a neural network model.
"Construct a sentence with the words “periodically”, “vibrant”, and “catalyst”"
How can we reduce our carbon emissions?
"Rank the following in order of importance, from most important to least important: physical health, mental health, academic literacy"
Summarize the pros and cons of solar energy
What is the name of the idea that humans are driven by a desire to maximize pleasure and avoid pain?
Describe an example of how technology can be used to benefit society.
Construct an argument against animal testing
Come up with an interesting question about space exploration.
Name a popular dating app.
Identify and describe the different types tropical storms
Describe the philosophy of life.
Describe in detail how a chatbot can be used in customer service
Compare and contrast Depth-First Search (DFS) and Breadth-First Search (BFS).
Generate a simile for knowledge.
Calculate 15% of 500.
Write five facts about the history of Rome.
What is the primary method of energy transfer in the hydrosphere?
"Use the phrase ""it grates on my nerves"" in a sentence."
Generate a poem about nature that has four stanzas.
"Make a schedule for the day in the format of ""Task - Time""."
Give four example of traditional Chinese dishes
"Edit this sentence to correct the spelling mistake: ""Isnt that an intresting story."""
Name an effective way to reduce stress.
You need to name the three states located in the US Mountain Time zone.
Describe what you might find on the planet Mars.
Make a list of adjectives that can describe someone who is outgoing.
Perform a Google search and find a website that offers top health tips
"Generate a musical arrangement that includes melodic lines, chords and accompanying instruments."
Describe some of the applications of natural language algorithms.
Design an app to track your fitness progress.
Come up with an educational activity for a 5-year-old.
"Create a table of contents for the article titled ""ML Applications in Robotics""."
Determine the optimal time for a company to launch a product to maximize sales
"Summarize the given film review:

The movie has a strong premise but is filled with cliched dialogue and over-the-top acting."
What features should a refrigerator have?
Create a timeline for a project that needs to be completed within 2 weeks.
Give two examples of animals that are endangered.
Create a poem that uses vivid imagery.
Give me five idioms.
Provide three tips on how to write a job advertisement that stands out.
Construct a regular expression to match a password which contains one or multiple lowercase letters and one or multiple uppercase letters.
How does social media affect the way we communicate?
Name a popular game that requires two players.
"Provide three sentences to explain the definition of ""artificial intelligence""."
"Arrange these characters in alphabetical order: M, X, A, G"
Write a tweet summarizing the meaning of happiness
"Identify any three fallacies in this statement: ""We need to close our border to protect our country."""
Offer an assessment of the current state of the art in virtual reality technology.
Calculate the answer to the following expression: (2x + 3y) - (3x + 3y).
Generate a sentence with a metaphor to describe a friendly competition.
Identify three digital marketing tactics.
List the benefits of educating young people about climate change.
Create a list of five rules that should be followed when using social media.
What is a recurring deposit account?
List five nouns that relate to the topic of space exploration.
Describe the difference between an LLC and a limited partnership
Describe a specific feature of the sun.
Describe the process for making a cup of coffee.
Generate a paragraph describing why data science is important.
Provide examples of negative words that start with the letter M
Describe the setting for a thriller movie.
Generate a few marketing slogans for a new phone app.
What is the principle of a divider circuit?
"Take this sentence and make it more exciting: ""I am looking forward to this weekend."""
"Sort this list of natural disasters from least to most dangerous:
7. Earthquake, Flood, Hurricane, Tornado."
Explain how the hydrogen atom produces an emission spectrum
Who are the major figures in the French Revolution?
Explain the concept of impostor syndrome.
Generate a sentence that expresses the following opinion: “The intensity of the sunlight can be affected by clouds.”
"Compose a tweet about a new app called ""Gizmo"""
Suggest a title for a movie about an adventure into outer-space.
Generate a creative and unique usage for a paperclip
Explain the differences between genetic engineering and traditional breeding
Calculate the area of a square with length 10m. Output a floating point number.
What does the acronym CRUD stand for when it comes to databases?
"Rewrite the following sentence using proper grammar: ""imma gonna try."""
"Calculate the total cost of a purchase given the following: Quantity = 10, Price = $4"
"In one sentence, define the concept of ""circular economy""."
How could recycling help reduce your carbon footprint?
How would you protect a garden from rabbits?
Multiply 3 times 5.
Create a list of shopping items needed to host a dinner party.
List the advantages and disadvantages of using a cloud service for storing data.
Brainstorm a list of 5 least expensive winter activities that can be done outdoors.
Make a plan for a complete workout routine.
Solve for x: 2x - 5 = 15
Describe a company culture that promotes diversity.
Select the word or phrase that is most closely related to the following: Unavailable
Generate a story beginning.
Describe a moral dilemma and explain how to choose the best solution.
Explain why online banking is more secure than physical banking.
Describe a situation when understanding the meaning of context might be necessary to complete the task.
How can a company increase employee productivity?
Compose a delightful welcome message for a new customer
"Translate this phrase into Spanish: ""Let's eat dinner!"""
Suggest ways to improve the usability of a blog website.
Compose an essay in the form of an argument defending the motion that robots should be included in the workplace.
Suggest a charity organization for animal welfare.
Create a quote about perseverance
Give me a sentence that shows agreement.
"Write a classification model to classify movie reviews as negative, neutral or positive."
"Debate the statement ""public schools should receive more funding from the government""."
In what ways has the Internet changed communication?
"Come up with a poetic phrase involving the following characters: sun, moon, and stars."
Identify and list three qualities of the ideal customer service specialist.
List three possible scenes for an action movie.
Make up a story about a robot who has quit its job.
Design a game scoring system for a soccer game.
What are the benefits of using a data visualization tool?
Classify the following statement as true or false: The internet was invented in the year 1958.
Create a list of allergens commonly found in food.
Write a metaphor to describe the experience of falling in love.
"Is the statement, ""Hummingbirds are the fastest animal"" true or false?"
"Classify the following sentence as a declarative, interrogative, imperative, or exclamatory sentence.

Come to the party!"
Generate a list of topics that could be covered in a blog about startups.
"Distinguish the following words as either noun or verb: ""check"""
Paraphrase the following sentence without changing the meaning: He was foolish enough to cross the street without looking.
Generate a creative story about a character who lives in a village with a secret.
Provide an example of an input sentence that GPT could use to generate an output sentence.
Describe the process of purchasing a car starting with research:
Draft a tweet that has the hashtag #humanrights
Write a one minute speech about the importance of reading
Name three techniques used in data mining.
Give an example of why a bankstatement is important
Create a tweet about current events.
Describe the kind of artificial neural network architecture that was used in the AlphaGo Zero algorithm.
Write a description of a school you went to.
Generate a one-sentence title for a creative recipe.
Estimate the cost for building a website.
Give an example of a food that is high in fiber.
How can I make an affordable monthly budget?
"Translate this sentence into Spanish: ""I will never give up"""
Provide an example of a quadratic equation in the form of ax^2 + bx + c.
What is the world population?
Compare and contrast the main types of electromagnetic radiation.
Describe the process of regeneration in plants.
How much is 8 x 4
Build a basic blog using HTML and CSS.
"Generate a sentence using the following words: cake, snow, April"
Compare the performance of a linear regression model with a neural network model.
"Create a story based on the following characters: a ghost, a witch and a werewolf."
Generate a list of measurements to take when designing a game character.
Convert this sentence into passive voice: She demanded more time
Find out when the next total eclipse will be visible in the US
Give me an example of a maladaptive behavior in children.
Make a list of the main actors in The Lord of the Rings.
Come up with a creative way to use plastic spoons
Create a quiz question with an answer for the following: what is the capital of India
How can technology make teaching more effective?
"Predict the sentiment of this sentence: ""This movie was a huge disappointment."""
Generate a list of 5 activities you could do with a group of kids on a summer day.
"Find the product of 9, 5 and 28."
Describe a time when you have worked as part of a team
"Edit the following sentence so that it is in the simple past tense: ""Today, I goes to the store to buy eggs."""
Name three sciences related to computing.
Explain how Coronavirus affects people's respiratory system.
"Generate a paragraph with the topic ""Digital Transformation""."
Educate the readers about the water cycle in a concise manner.
What type of store would you find in a shopping mall?
Write a blog post about what it means to be a global citizen.
Describe what the coffee machine should do when the user presses the 'Brew' button.
"In what scenario would you use the phrase ""once bitten, twice shy""?"
Propose a solution to increase public transportation ridership.
Explain what is collaborative filtering.
Please describe the life of humans in 2050?
Generate 3 job roles for a film production company.
Create an SQL statement to find the employees born after 1975.
Compose a questions which requires a yes or no answer.
Explain the difference between generative and discriminative models.
Formulate a plan to reduce carbon emissions by 50% in the next 5 years.
List at least three benefits of using AI in data analytics.
Write an article introducing the city of Paris.
"Evaluate the following statement: ""The use of technology has improved society in many ways."""
Describe a quantum computing algorithm
Name two different types of polygons.
Generate three examples of realistic data for a film review.
"Identify the two words that rhyme with ""flame""."
Name the countries which experienced a decrease in education quality due to Covid-19
What type of plant does a pine tree belong to?
Suggest 3 possible UI changes for a messaging app.
Generate a one-sentence description of an urban area.
Generate a new category for a cookbook.
Generate a restaurant menu item.
Compare the lifestyle of a student to a parent
Classify this item as a living or non-living organism: A tree
"What is the past tense of ""run""?"
Give a list of four actions that a user might take that would affect a website's SEO ranking
Write down the next three numbers in the Fibonacci sequence
Write an article about ways to save money.
Describe in detail the characteristics of an LED light.
"Write a commentary on the statement: ""Online learning is the future of education""."
Name two famous musicians
Compare and contrast databases and search engines.
Explain the differences between synthetic and natural fabrics.
"Generate an example that illustrates the concept of ""artificial intelligence""."
Design a sample survey for customers about the quality of a company's customer service.
How can one develop a successful career in accounting?
Write a 3-5 sentence job description for a sales representative.
Create a JSON object with two keys and two corresponding values.
Demonstrate how to set up a Raspberry Pi.
List three benefits of forming a habit.
What is the current exchange rate between US dollars and Euro?
Make an argument for why vegetarianism is better for humans.
How long did World War I last?
Come up with a list of 10 things people can do to conserve energy.
Compose a poem that explores the pain of losing a loved one.
"Fix this sentence ""The cat walk on the street""?"
Suggest a movie that would make a great holiday gift.
Write five adjectives that can be used to describe a person who is very determined.
Define the term 'computational linguistics'.
Give some advice for speaking in public.
Create an if-else statement in Python.
Explain why London is a great city to visit.
Generate a list of four cultural activities in your city.
Give me a suggestion for how I can make a cup of cold brew
Design a chatbot conversation structure for a banking chatbot
Imagine you are writing a novel. Write in a few sentences the opening description of your novel.
Tell a story of a hero's journey.
Generate a poem about the coronavirus pandemic.
"Paraphrase the following sentence: ""He stumbled and fell flat on his face""."
When can a comma be used with a list of three words or phrases?
Create a plan to reduce waste in an office.
Describe 3 benefits of effective time management.
"Come up with a creative example of using the following idiom ""the best of both worlds""."
Identify a cybersecurity risk that could affect an online store.
Find a recipe for a vegan version of the fried chicken dish.
Generate a French breakfast menu for two people.
Suggest two solutions for reducing emissions in urban cities.
Devise a plan for how a company can successfully diversify its workforce.
Rap a story about a movie character.
Convert the number 12.5 from scientific notation to decimal notation.
Generate 3 potential domains for a travel website
Research an example of a successful small business and write a one-sentence summary about it.
Explain why artificial intelligence (AI) is a powerful tool for predicting customer behaviour.
Provide at least 5 ways to entertain yourself in isolation.
Which river passes through Paris?
Create a list of common pitfalls to avoid when making a presentation.
Create 5 sentence long paragraph about the importance of education
Select a reasonable example to show the output of a simple linear regression model.
Give me a rhyming couplet.
Explain the purpose of an entity recognition algorithm.
Identify three business metrics that a company should measure to ensure successful growth.
Describe the primary source of energy for plants.
Name the continents that are in North America.
Imagine you are a doctor. Create a health plan for a patient with diabetes.
Tell a story about a time when you showed kindness to someone.
Create a pop quiz about clouds.
Generate five historically significant people of the 21st century.
Describe a method for organizing a desk for maximum productivity.
Suggest a creative way to make a difference in someone's life
Create a mental health checklist for adolescents.
Describe a way to persuade someone to buy a product.
Describe what a tsunami is and how it is caused.
Tell me about a unique dish from your native country.
Design a chatbot for a customer service website built with GPT-3.
"Arrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence:

Word: window - opened - the"
Generate a complex title that is less than 10 words long for an academic paper on machine learning.
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
Describe the presidency of George Washington
Find two additional features to add to a mobile budgeting app
List three techniques for increasing emotional intelligence.
How can bioinformatics predict gene function?
Prove the Pythagorean Theorem.
How do computers process information?
Tell me about the differences between dogs and cats.
Describe a use case for recommender systems
Create a business plan for an online business.
Write a story that centers around a snowboarding competition.
Generate a slogan related to the environment.
Describe rivers in 5 words.
How can I use technology to improve my studying?
Outline the job duties of a true estate agent.
Create a program that can detect a respiratory illness.
Create a board game with the theme of 'Easter'.
Describe in a sentence the setting of the story.
Generate five new words by combining two existing words.
Construct a tweet to raise awareness about the plastic pollution.
Pretend you are a bot. Come up with a reply to introduce yourself in a friendly way.
Describe the benefits and challenges of using deep learning.
Generate speech recognition software which can be used to translate spoken languages.
Write a short story about a girl who discovers a magical object with strange powers.
Generate a conversation between two people discussing the movie Narcos.
Generate a hypothesis about why reptiles don't need to drink water.
Create an analogy for the campaign process of an election.
What is the definition of static query optimization?
"Sort the following numbers in descending order: [1, 5, 11, 8]"
Speculate what will happen in the future in terms of technology.
Explain why good communication skills are important
Generate one sentence about the importance of education for all.
Identify how many grams of sugar are in a can of Coke.
What is the most prosperous industry in your city?
"Add the following items 'Acer laptop, Philips iron, LG refrigerator' to shopping list."
Create headlines for a news article about a startup’s new product launch.
"Find at least 3 antonyms for the word ""serene""."
List five reasons why it is important to eat breakfast.
"Rewrite the following sentence to make it negative: ""I was delighted when I heard the news."""
Explain the convergence of a sequence
Write a short story about a rivalry between two people
Provide an example of a valid HTML code for a simple text box and submit button.
Generate a list of 5 ideas for the title of a book
Outline the three main strategies for increasing customers' loyalty to a company.
Rate the customer service experience of an online clothing store on a scale of 1 to 10.
Construct a database table that stores user profiles.
Create three humorous adjectives to describe a dog.
What should a resume be composed of and how many pages should it be?
Create a list of ten recipes to make for a dinner party.
Explain why people are concerned about climate change.
Come up with a storyline for a romance novel.
Describe an example of customer service done right.
"Design a system to classify objects based on its size (small, medium and large)"
List five emotions that people feel when they experience success.
"Generate 2 meaningful sentences in French using the following words: parler, plaisir, bienvenu."
Generate a fun fact about the cuisines of Thailand.
Generate an article about environmental protection.
What are the benefits of exercising?
Create a list of the 8 planets in our Solar System in order from the closest to the Sun to the farthest
Explain how an artificial neuron works.
Find the opposite meaning of “arbitrary”
Compare and contrast Hinduism and Buddhism.
Describe the importance of an education in developing countries.
Generate a list of potential hazards in an office setting
How many championships has LeBron James won?
Give the temperature in Celsius when the temperature in Fahrenheit is 32.
Write an acrostic poem about friendship.
List the ingredients used in a Caesar salad.
Provide an example of transferable skills.
Guess what is the best practice for customer service?
Tell me a story about a family who goes on a summer road trip.
Create a program that parses natural language and provides an appropriate response.
Give an example of the consequence of using a deep learning model to perform a task.
"Identify the homophones in the following sentence: ""The man with his desk ate a steak""."
Name three popular cloud computing services.
Describe the design elements of a sports poster.
Find the price of a pack of 10 ramen noodles using the website 'SupermarketExpress.com'.
Create a dialog between two characters discussing their favorite hobbies.
List three important components of a cloud-based data storage system.
How long did it take to set a world record for the longest jump?
Give two examples of common fruits.
Create a question on the topic of climate change.
"Rewrite the following sentence so it is more concise and clear:

The research findings indicate that the experimental group did better than the control group on the test."
Construct a statement to argue why data augmentation techniques should be used for deep learning.
"Paraphrase this sentence: ""The grass is always greener on the other side"""
Identify which techniques could be used to reduce a text's readability score.
Provide a way to classify tweets according to the sentiment.
How could living in a big city affect a person's life?
What is the probability of getting dealt pocket aces preflop in Texas Hold'em?
Create an algorithm that finds the most efficient path between two points.
Tell me what tools are necessary for setting up a web server.
Explain the concept of 'free will' in 2-3 sentences
"Describe how to make the classic Italian dish, Spaghetti Carbonara."
Make a suggestion for a topic for a persuasive essay.
Give an example of a food that is served at a typical Indian wedding
Construct a JSON object describing a student.
Identify the type of verb in the sentence below: They will speak tomorrow.
What is the difference between hot-air balloons and helicopters?
Design a campaign ad for a candidate running for public office.
Suggest a way to improve the user experience of an online banking website.
Describe what the sky looks like in a sentence.
"Construct a phrase that incorporates the following two words: ""yellow"" and ""sunshine."""
Write a 100 word paragraph on the importance of science education.
"Construct a sentence with the words ""abide"", ""boundaries"", and ""respect""."
Create a list of tips for how to clean windows.
"Recognize active questions, describing what they are."
Create an algorithm to detect passwords that contain personal information.
Provide an example of a complex system that consists of several interacting components.
"From the following list, suggest five words that could be used to describe a forest."
Describe what an oasis is in two sentences.
Create a social media post that encourages people to use public transportation.
Write a story about a character discovering their true identity
Create an argument for why people should consider a plant-based diet.
Estimate the cost of purchasing a new car.
Give two natural examples of the law of conservation of energy
Describe an example of collective action.
Explain why eating healthy is important to overall health.
Provide four key advantages of using a cloud-based system
Explain what carbon footprint is in one sentence.
Name three drinks people commonly have at social events in your country.
Write a 500-word essay about the effects of climate change on the global economy.
Provide three suggestions for convincing someone to purchase a product.
Develop a guideline for the appropriate use of electronic devices in the workplace.
What is the best programming language for developing machine learning applications?
Generate a list of ideas to make your living space more comfortable.
Compile a list of five items that would help someone go camping.
Write some tips on how to answer an interview question.
Write a blog post about why everyone should have a hobby
Name two of the seven continents on Earth.
"Calculate the area of the triangle with vertices at the points (2, 0), (6, 4) and (3, 8)."
Name five places in the USA that are popular tourist destinations.
Generate a title for an article about why children should learn meditation.
Name three actors with Academy Award wins.
Generate a tweet about the upcomming climate change summit.
"Construct a query to select customers who spend more than $1,000 in total in the last year."
Generate 3 marketing slogans for a new pizza shop.
Design a logo for an ice cream brand
What is the British equivalent of ‘Hamburger'?
Explain the difference between the terms ‘data’ and ‘information’
Analyze the effect the digital age has had on education.
Explain why the moon appears bigger on the horizon than it does in the sky.
Generate a list of potential job requirements for a software engineer role.
Describe a vision for the future of education in one sentence.
Explain the role of B-DNA in the human body.
"Tell me three different words that mean the same thing as ""optimistic""."
Classify the following as a chemical or physical change: A metal object rusts in water.
Compare and contrast the river Nile and river Rhine.
Can you generate five questions about dinosaurs that can be used in a short quiz?
Explain the significance of the Battle of Tsushima in the Russo-Japanese war.
How does the addition of water affect the boiling point of a substance?
Design a logo for a company in the food industry.
"Compare and contrast Aristotle's approach to ethics and that of his student, Plato."
"Construct a SQL query to select the names of customers whose orders were delivered after April 13, 2021"
List two benefits of cloud computing
Suggest a snack for a 5 year-old for school.
Identify two character traits of the protagonist of a horror movie.
Name some examples of types of renewable resources
"Find a Spanish translation for the word ""friend""."
Name a popular computer game.
How does the rotator cuff help in keeping the shoulder joint stable?
Explain why people don’t understand quantum physics.
Choose three reasons why someone might leave their job.
"Given the two words “snake” and “grass”, create a simile."
Explain the benefits of using a task scheduler.
Suggest a creative and innovative app idea.
Write a story about a robot travelling to the moon
What is the relationship between communication and successful teamwork?
"Translate the word as ""batesada"" into English."
What is the relationship between sustainability and the environment?
Generate a non-trivial math problem for a 5th grader to solve.
Explain the concept of creative destruction.
Find a buzzword that is related to Information Technology.
"Explain the concept of mean, median, and mode."
Explain why filing an income tax return is mandatory.
What is the most well-known landmark in France?
"Write a few lines of code to print ""Hello World"""
How do you cook fried potatoes?
Create a story about a princess and some dragons.
What is the name of the first artificial satellite launched into Earth orbit?
Generate a list of three ingredients for a chocolate cake.
Name 5 plants that grow in the desert.
Provide a definition for data mining.
List 5 different strategies to deal with stress
Construct a SQL query to extract the total price from a table named 'Orders'
Generate a sentence to express surprise.
What is the significance of the Imjin War in Korean history?
Write a limerick about a holiday.
Explain why it is important to establish trust with customers.
Name a tragedy that occurred in the 20th century.
Explain how your life could be different if you had a superpower.
What is the difference between homogeneous and heterogeneous mixtures?
"Name a country that begins with the letter ""D""."
Complete the following equation: 2 + __ = 7.
Produce a 500 word character sketch for a marine biologist.
Generate an OTP with length of 6.
Select the two most influential people of the twentieth century.
Summarize the purpose of the Equal Rights Amendment.
Write a set of instructions to make a cup of tea.
Generate a humorous one-liner relating to fitness.
Generate a story about a situation when a person remembers something they should have forgotten.
Create a dialogue between two people discussing the pros and cons of having a pet.
Compare and contrast email and text messaging.
Describe the concept of 'zero gravity'.
Outlines the steps for setting up a successful online business
Generate a hypothesis for how to increase engagement in an online course.
Determine if this claim is true or false: “The Sahara desert is the hottest desert in the world”
Design a new fitness program.
Name at least 3 reasons why people buy luxury items.
Develop scoring criteria for assessing a student's project.
Tune the rhythm of the song.
Generate a paragraph describing a summer day in the park
Summarize the steps that businesses must take in order to meet their carbon emissions goals.
Generate a creative marketing slogan to advertise a new product.
Explain the difference between SQL and NoSQL databases.
Compose a poem about a single color.
"Generate an example sentence using the following words: furious, venture, irritability."
"Generate a list of celebrities who appear in the movie ""The Maze Runner""."
Suggest a way to improve recycling practices
Describe what makes a successful online business.
"Identify the proper noun in the sentence ""Today is Thursday."""
Design a poster for a beach clean-up event
Name a type of plant that can grow in extreme temperatures.
Convert 100 grams to pounds.
"Translate the phrase ""C'est la vie"" into English."
Generate a list of 5 creative and inspiring usernames.
Create a program that can generate random Shakespearean insults.
"Create a metaphor to explain the meaning of the term ""self-doubt""."
Generate a wish list of activities for a family trip to Hawaii.
Describe what makes a teacher a great mentor.
Name four online streaming services.
Generate a list of five sports shoe brands.
Generate a creative title for a movie about a cat who saves the world from an alien invasion.
How does the use of AI influence the way businesses operate? Output less than 100 words.
"Write a story beginning with:"" He had never seen the world beyond his mountain home"""
Create a regular expression to check that a string contains only numbers.
"Explain the meaning of the idiom ""give the cold shoulder""."
What is the first and last step of the scientific method?
Describe how to tell the difference between a male and female cardinal.
What are the most important characteristics of a credit card?
Suggest a dinner recipe that can be made in 30 minutes or less.
Create five example sentences using the word “synthesis.”
Provide an analysis of the impact of carbohydrates on human health.
Write a story of a student's first day at a new school.
Describe an example of how technology can help in teaching.
Generate code to add a background gradient to a rectangular block.
Make a list of 5 steps that can help me be more productive.
Write an imperative sentence instructing the assistant to compare two items.
Name a famous work of art.
Give 2 examples of web browsers.
Generate a new concept for a mobile app.
List five tropical fruits.
Describe the major differences between the Catholic and Protestant faiths.
"Analyze this sentence: ""She blamed his unprofessional behavior on his lack of experience"""
Explain the concept of Heuristic Evaluation
Explain what the big bang theory is.
Identify 4 benefits of cloud computing
Construct a valid argument for why learning should never stop
Rewrite this sentence in the future perfect tense: She has seen the movie
Write an article that educates readers on the ethical considerations of robotics
Describe how Neural Networks can be used to recognize handwriting
Translate this phrase from Spanish to English: El sol no brilla hoy.
Name the three Disabilities Rights Law.
Create a list of 10 suggestions for improving customer experience.
Generate a password of 8 characters consisting of alphanumeric characters and symbols.
Explain why the Earth has seasons
Describe the economic benefits of working from home.
How does the law of supply and demand influence the stock market?
Estimate the inside length of a soccer field.
Formulate a probability distribution for a 6-sided die.
Create a script for performing basic computations with text data.
"Suggest a sentence that follows ""He had never seen a creature so strange,"""
Bring out the main features of a democracy.
"Identify the mistake in the following sentence:

The employees was given a raise"
"Write a blog post titled ""Five Reasons You Should Invest in Stocks""."
Design a mathematical model to predict house prices.
Generate a metaphor about creativity
Create a profile of an imaginary character.
Give an example of a country with an effective health care system.
Name three books written by J. K. Rowling.
List three reasons why free trade is beneficial
Describe the different techniques used to predict weather
Explain the concept of 'intellectual property rights'.
Come up with a 3-step plan to organize a surprise birthday party.
Identify the correct example of a noun.
Give me a CSS code to make the font size 20px.
Describe the career of a data scientist.
My wireless printer suddenly stopped connecting to the network. What can I do to fix the issue?
What is the biggest risk factor for developing coronary artery disease?
Create a joke about a dog walking into a bar.
Give three different examples on how artificial intelligence can be used in business.
Generate a menu for a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
Describe the process of how an essay is written
Generate a list of steps required to build a computer.
Compose a rap about algorithms that accurately conveys the concept.
Write an interesting fact about Japan.
Please give an example of a 20th century writer from Japan
Create a slideshow presentation about a topic of your choice.
Summarize the our goals with GPT model in no more than 8 words.
"Summarize the important points of article ""Afghanistan and the Doctrine of Armed Humanitarian Intervention""."
Name 3 usage cases of facial recognition technology.
Create a persuasive sentence about solar energy.
How would you make an omelette?
Generate a book summary of the novel Animal Farm.
Brainstorm a creative solution to an environmental problem.
Identify 3 uses of cloud computing in education.
Make a list of 3 common interview questions.
List five benefits of regular physical activity.
Generate a number between 1 and 10.
How does the presence of plants help us in our everyday lives?
Propose a remark for a college professor praising to a student who delivers an excellent project presentation.
Explain what is special relativity.
"Create a complex sentence using the words ""apple"" and ""butter""."
Explain how a relay works.
Make a rule to categorize documents depending on the information they contain.
Sketch a comic strip of five panels about someone buying a new phone.
Make a list of 5 names that begin with the letter 'D'.
Imagine a situation where a man is trying to open a jar. Give one potential solution.
Produce an analogy for success
Name all the US Presidents since 1947.
Generate an inventory list for a mountain camping trip.
Design an experience for a customer portal.
Compare and contrast IPv4 and IPv6.
Write an example of an imperative sentence.
Explain the role of the sun in photosynthesis
Describe a unique food you have tried
Create an example of using an analogy to explain the concept of microaggressions.
Develop a survey question to find out the favorite color of your customers.
Describe the process of photosynthesis in 100 words or less.
Explain the physics concept of projectile motion.
Design a program that teaches children basic coding principles.
Design an outfit for a glamorous evening out.
Create a comic strip about a person's day.
Provide an example of a sentence where you need to identify the subject and the predicate.
What are four approaches to combatting climate change?
"Take this sentence and rephrase it so that it has a more positive connotation: ""I am unimpressed with the results."""
Create a positive affirmation to motivate someone to work hard.
What is the word for 'blue' in French?
"Create a password that contains at least 9 characters, including uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters."
Create a multiple choice question with three possible answers.
Compare and contrast eating at a restaurant and eating at home.
Generate a new hypothetical example of a system that uses machine learning
Create a dialogue between two people discussing global warming.
Name three places where one could find monkeys.
"Write a short story that begins with the sentence: ""It was the last time she would ever set foot in the old house."""
Convert 1500 ounces to pounds.
Describe what might happen if two meteors collided.
Name three composers of the Baroque period.
Tell me how strong the post-COVID economic recovery is projected to be.
Describe a thought experiment used to illustrate a concept.
Classify the following bird as a resident or a migrant: Red-tailed Hawk.
Translate the sentence 'She sold sea shells by the sea shore' into Spanish.
Describe the significance of the Crick–Watson model.
Compose a 50-word story about love.
Construct a hypothesis about pollution
Compose a tweet about the new movie that is being released this month.
Come up with a slogan to promote healthy eating
Explain how AI can help improve healthcare.
"Imagine you are planning a birthday party for your best friend, what are some special gifts that you could give her?"
Design a voice assistant command to schedule an appointment.
Analyze this statement: “Global warming is the most serious issue of our time.”
"Write a sentence that illustrates the meaning of the word ""capricious""."
Research one of the most common ethical issues related to data collection.
"Create a song based on the following theme: ""love in the time of darkness""."
"Rewrite the following sentence to include a main verb: ""The books written by J.K. Rowling""."
Describe how basic machine learning works.
Generate a list of the top 10 hobbies for adults.
Extract information - what is the price of a one-way ticket to London from New York?
Generate a story about a child's first day of school
Generate a list of benefits of using solar energy.
Explain what is GPT-3
Name a common cause of stress.
Explain the difference between HTML and CSS.
Create an outline for a presentation on the benefits of exercise.
Write an appropriate 500-word story about a surprise birthday party.
Describe the process of account creation for a website.
Name a movie from 2020 that won an Academy Award.
Create a multiple choice question from the following sentence: Shakespeare wrote the play Romeo and Juliet.
Create a design for an online clothing store homepage.
Generate a list of interesting facts about the location of the Grand Canyon.
Give me an example of a time where you needed to think quickly.
Write a function to display the multiplication table of a given number from 1 to 10.
List 5 benefits of owning a pet.
Explain why the protagonist in the story is feeling lonely.
Generate an opening sentence for a story about a wizard who lives in a rainforest.
"Evaluate the following statement: ""Schools should be closed during summer vacation."""
Generate instructions to create a basic web page
Provide a list of the benefits of Meditation
Generate two sentences about how modern technology has improved the lives of people.
Create a creative metaphor which describes the aroma of a cup of coffee.
Write 50 words about a family trip to the beach.
Generate three words that start with the letter “B”
Who is the governor of Idaho?
Write two paragraphs summarizing the key differences between a peach and an apple.
Design a virus-scanning program.
Give an example of how the law of conservation of energy is applied in a real-life situation.
Describe what it takes to be a successful manager.
Name two implementations of blockchain technology.
Construct an argument to convince me to buy a car
What can I do to become a more efficient writer?
"Create an analogy that explains the meaning of the word ""devastate""."
Differentiate between good and bad customer service in the hospitality industry.
Generate a code snippet to show the current date and time.
Name two books that discuss the ethics of artificial intelligence.
Generate a sentence about the future of transportation.
Name a body of water found in Asia
Name three companies that produce electric cars.
"Translate the following sentence into Spanish.

""Life is a journey, not a destination."""
Explain why a vector with magnitude 5 is twice as long as a vector with magnitude 10?
Generate a creative story which is at least 500 words long.
Please provide an example of how a company could use customer segmentation.
Create a list of 5 items that are commonly found in a school auditorium
Classify the following machine learning techniques: K-Nearest Neighbours and Linear Regression
Create a function that checks whether the given string is a palindrome or not.
Compare and contrast the views of Aristotle and Socrates.
"Rewrite the following sentence using a pronoun:
He likes tennis but he doesn't like basketball."
Find the latest population figure for France. Output the population directly.
"Imagine you are speaking to an audience about social scientists, what would you be saying?"
"Given the following input, generate a tagline related to health care."
Describe the features of a bagel and its nutritional value in one sentence.
Create a content plan for a blog organized around animal conservation.
How can I properly clean a wooden cutting board?
Create a list of 5 keywords related to Machine Learning.
Rank the top 3 countries with the most UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
"Describe the relationship between two people in the following sentence:
John and his brother are walking together."
What is the full name of the Euro currency?
Say the alphabet backward.
Serve up a recipe that can be made with 5 ingredients or less.
Generate a description of an animated inanimate object.
Tell me a metaphor related to swimming.
Compare and contrast reading a book to watching a movie.
Compose a 5-word haiku about the sea.
Create a list of at least five items that a person needs for a camping trip in the woods.
Generate a 5-sentence story about a scene inside a café
Create a website feedback form.
"How would you explain ""dark matter"" to an audience with no scientific background?"
Generate a self-introduction for a job interview.
Explain the difference between an object and a class.
Classify this sentence: Antarctica is the southernmost continent.
Please provide a brief explanation of the differences between a deep learning algorithm and a traditional machine learning algorithm.
How many triangles can be formed from 4 points?
Provide three main advantages of using Machine Learning.
What are the main differences between aerobic and anaerobic exercise?
Explain how globalization affects local cultures.
Compose a musical piece
Identify the most important cause of air pollution in the cities.
Generate a list of five ways to promote physical activity.
List 3 methods to validate a machine learning model
Describe a meaningful memory you have from your childhood
Generate a headline for an article about the current financial state of the auto industry
In what year was Bob Dylan born?
Recommend a quick and easy snack.
Build a natural language query to find the oldest mountain range in the U.S.
How would artificial intelligence be used for helping the disabled?
Create a function to generate random background colors for a website.
Come up with a classification of types of articles which would appear on a news website.
Generate 5 unique passwords that are at least 8 characters long
Generate a random password with length 8 and complexity 4.
Sketch an illustration of a tree.
Write a persuasive essay arguing for the importance of protecting endangered species.
Explain the role of photosynthesis in an ecosystem.
Generate an essay discussing the benefits of online education compared to traditional education.
Pick a common misconception about the space industry and explain why it is untrue.
Produce poetry about a summer day.
Write an opinion piece on the topic of environmental conservation.
"Complete this sentence: ""In the dark sky, stars are ..........."""
Discuss the benefits of living in a city versus living in the countryside.
"Rank these numbers from smallest to largest: 2, 8, 0, 4."
Compute the area of a regular polygon with side length 4cm and 8 sides.
Describe a climatic condition such as monsoons.
Choose a name for a new software.
Describe the lifestyle of a hermit.
Transform the following sentence into an interrogative sentence: I saw a bear in the woods
List the top 5 attributes of a successful salesperson.
Come up with a creative way of presenting data about water usage for the city.
Explain the connection between physical exercise and mental health.
Write a Python program to check if a given string is a palindrome or not.
They say knowledge is power - explain why.
Output the name of a short story by Edgar Allan Poe.
"Generate a three line poem with the rhyme scheme ""AAB""."
Suggest an alternative to using plastic bags.
Construct a query for finding information about the latest COVID-19 testing related policy in your locality.
Write a story about the the adventures of two friends during their summer vacation.
Write ten lines that describe a family gathering.
Name five benefits of using a CRM system.
Create a classifier to determine if a given email is spam or not spam.
Create an imaginary story about a person visiting a new city.
Describe the senses experienced when eating your favorite food.
Is it important to have a balanced diet?
Provide an example of a sentence using parentheses.
"Write a sentence with the phrase ""prime mover""."
"Create an example of a sentence using the word ""fantastic""."
Generate a list of three social issues
Develop a strategy for running a successful marketing campaign.
Construct a database table to store details about prior visitors at a hotel.
Construct a timeline of Galileo's life.
Spell out the meaning of the acronym AI.
Come up with a possible commercial use case of GPT
Describe how to change a tire.
Describe the organizational tools used by Pixar.
Create a character sketch of a space explorer.
Create a short bio for a computer programmer.
Describe the most difficult problem you ever solved
What should I do to find the best lawyer in my area?
Describe the 1981 NBA MVP award ceremony
Calculate the number of possible permutations given 3 letters and 3 numbers.
Design a prototype for a toaster
Write an informative paragraph on the economic impact of climate change
Tell me what is the most effective way to revise a piece of writing?
"Explain the differences between the following words: ""accent"" and ""dialect""."
Outline the differences between a tree and a bush.
What can be done to reduce air pollution?
Change this sentence so its tone is more humorous: “Everyone should make sure they are wearing their seat belt.”
Name two technology inventions of the 21st century.
Make a business plan to market a new mobile game.
Can you name a few advantages of using a fermentation process in food production?
"Generate an alternative ending to the movie ""The Pursuit of Happyness""."
Make a list of the six continents.
"Identify the main point of the following article:

https://www.bbc.com/news/business-54050430"
Propose a solution to reduce availability of guns in society.
"Imagine you are a book author, please write a summary of the topic of your book that would capture reader's interest."
Explain the purpose of the following HTML tag: <div>.
Explain what an Internet of Things (IoT) is.
Generate a c++ program to count the occurrence of each number in a list
What time is it in the UTC timezone?
Describe a boat in 3 paragraphs.
What is the structure of a book report?
Write a short sentence mentioning a company that provides medical services.
Describe the process of writing a song from start to finish.
"Describe the setting of ""The Grapes of Wrath""."
List three possible methods for improving a website's search engine optimization.
Who invented the transistor?
List five areas of life that technology has impacted.
Identify three advantages of using robotics in the manufacturing sector.
Design a logo for a child care center.
Explain how to make a PB&J sandwich.
How can we solve the issue of waste reduction ?
"Create a slogan for a political campaign using the verb ""change""."
Describe the four core computer science topics.
Name a type of energy transformation.
"Write a meaningful sentence using the phrase ""astute observation""."
Name three countries in Europe whose population are over 50 million.
Make a chart that shows the trends of global temperatures from 1990-2020
Can you suggest a unique name for a software development company?
Write a Python program to print the calendar for the year 2025.
"Given a list of numbers, develop an algorithm to find the maximum sum of a subarray."
Name two paintings by Raphael.
Give me some ways to recycle materials at home.
"Generate an example of all four of the common data types, (string, integer, float and boolean)?"
Describe an important historical event.
Provide a set of instructions for a user to determine the area of a trapezoid.
Name five concerns related to online privacy.
Convert the decimal number 0.425 into a fraction.
Create a Scratch program that generates a random number between 0 and 100.
"Write a 3-sentence story that follows the structure ""once upon a time, every day, until one day""."
What should a job posting include?
Generate a simile related to a flower.
It is said that money cannot buy happiness. Why?
Suppose that a customer wants to purchase a product from your online store. Construct a message to confirm the order.
"Improve the following sentence: ""Students must advocate for change to create better results."""
State one benefit of artificial intelligence.
Suggest a color scheme for a living room
Construct a PowerPoint slide that summarizes the steps involved in the process of photosynthesis.
Generate 3 pieces of evidence that suggests global warming is real.
Generate 3 questions you can ask an interviewer.
Convert 48 fl. oz. to liters.
Summarize the recent news about unemployment.
Develop 10 multiple choice questions about the human circulatory system
Write a persuasive essay about why everyone should eat a plant-based diet.
"What is the meaning of the phrase ""Life is what you make it""?"
Compare and contrast reptiles and amphibians.
Suggest ways to reduce electricity consumption.
"Calculate the area of a triangle with the following sides: 10, 14, 8."
Describe the elements of the Democratic Party's platform.
Create a list of five fun activities for your family to do together on the weekend.
Describe the history of the development of the British monarchy.
Describe a type of relationship between living organisms that presents in an ecosystem
Suggest a few ingredients for making a salad.
Create a programming language
"Summarize the definition of ""criminal justice""."
"Analyze the poem ""The Road Not Taken"" by Robert Frost and explain its meaning."
"Translate the following sentence ""C'est très difficile"" into English."
"Write a short story summarizing the following events:

(events) An engineer discovers a new form of energy, but it requires a large amount of money to develop."
Devise a data collection strategy for a customer satisfaction survey
Describe the project management methodology Agile.
Write a blog post on the benefits of consuming a plant-based diet.
Tell me about a significant figure in Asian history.
Explain the use of big data analysis in retail industry.
Name five flavors of ice cream.
"Sort the adjectives below according to their degree.

Sensational, Intense, Overwhelming, Spectacular, Superb"
Compose a story that follows the hero's journey.
"Identify the most relevant keywords from the following sentence: ""The restaurant's decor was modern yet traditional""."
Name the seven continents.
Explain the process for creating a word cloud visualization and the software needed for the task.
Trace the path of a photon in a single-slit experiment.
Create a list of 5 trends in AI development.
Create a recipe for a healthy smoothie that has a tropical flavor.
Describe the company culture of Amazon
Describe a job that is not suitable for someone who is a night owl.
Explain AI and its applications.
Explain why global warming is a threat to human life.
Design a user interface to allow a user to search for a specific type of product.
What type of data structure can be used to represent a relationship between two or more entities in a database?
Describe the procedure of photosynthesis.
Provide a suggestion for a cold snack that is suitable for a child.
Name five Roman gods.
Create a list of five books that everyone should read.
Describe the difference between light and dark roast coffee.
Name an example of a non-living thing.
Generate a random string of 5 lowercase letters.
Create a list of 5 customer service resolutions that a business should strive to achieve.
How do the jobs of scientists and engineers differ?
"Construct a sentence using the present tense of the verb ""eat""."
Describe the role of a project manager
"In 2-3 sentences, explain the Big Bang Theory"
How does the Bill of Rights protect US citizens?
"Edit this sentence for grammar, syntax, and style “It can incredibly difficult to decide”"
Generate a scenario of a special event.
What are the symptoms of a sinus infection?
"Compose a three-word sentence using the words ""colorful"", ""nest"" and ""lovely""."
List three ways in which blockchain can be used for smart contracts.
Describe the relevance of applying machine learning to business
Give an example of a consumer good that can be recycled
Write a three line limerick about understanding AI
Make a prediction for the next year in terms of the political situation in the US
Evaluate the effectiveness of a local charity program.
"Rewrite the following sentence using the active voice:

The assignment was finished by the student."
"Edit this sentence for clarity:

John used to work for company ABC now he don't."
Distinguish between inference and prediction.
"Complete this sentence: After a hard day of work, I like to relax by..."
Calculate the area of a right triangle given one side of 6 cm and the angle of 60 degrees.
Describe the process of launching rockets into space.
Determine which programming language would be best suited to develop a web based accounting application
"Identify the type of adjective used in ""That is a beautiful sunset"":"
"Find the area of the triangle whose vertices are (1,−1), (6,-2), (1,4)."
Tell me an interesting fact about the history of India.
Name three natural elements.
Generate a list of words that are related to the term 'food'.
Name two ways a customer service rep can handle a complaint
Create a catchy one-liner for a book about a detective that solves mysteries
Who led the French revolution?
Explain the concept of media literacy.
List out at least 5 stages of grief.
Write 5 terms and conditions related to the use of a website
Suppose a patient has a high fever. Outline the steps for treatment.
Describe the purpose of a primary research study.
"In a short paragraph, explain how a blockchain works."
Search for information about a marketplace.
"Generate three sentence using the verb "" swim""."
Correct the following sentence: He changed his mind quickly.
"Generate a character sketch of a wise old sage, as accurate and detailed as possible."
What is the difference between a k-mer and an N-gram?
Write a rap about staying positive.
Suggest a list of equipment for a professional kitchen.
Describe the differences between the traditional and the digital classroom.
List three potential online security risks
Please generate a procedure for assembling an ikea bookshelf.
"Produce a sentence using synonyms of the words ""beautiful"" and ""joy""."
Create a job description for an experienced accountant
Describe the energy cycle of the sun.
"Rewrite the sentence: ""This activity is too easy"""
What is the most effective method for repressing negative thoughts?
Write a recipe for a cheese omelette.
Describe the most heroic thing you've seen someone do.
Construct a query to retrieve the count of orders by customer id.
Create a jeopardy game based on the subject of computer science.
Explain the concept of web scraping.
What is the common denominator for 21 and 32?
How recycling affects the environment?
List five healthy food items.
"Describe in one sentence what the term ""data visualization"" means."
Classify the following statements as true or false: “Most cats are afraid of water.”
State the purpose of an API.
Find out the average temperature in Los Angeles in July.
Design a smartphone app
What is the scientific name for a beaver?
Generate a list of 10 plants that are easy to take care of
"Additionally, give me a entertaining story about a conversation with a stranger on a bus."
Explain why genetic engineering is a controversial topic.
Construct a rhyming verse that expresses gratitude
Suggest four ways to make a travel experience more memorable
Explain the cause of the dust bowl in the 1930s.
Tell me how humans can help endangered wild animals.
Compose a love poem for someone special.
"Based on the following input, generate some ideas for a business offering online language teaching services."
Describe a virtual assistant in no more than two sentences.
Find the name of the movie which was nominated for the most Academy Awards in 2019.
Compose a headline showcasing your company's most important values.
Explain why everyone should learn a new language.
What is the capital city of the Dominican Republic?
Explain how rainbows are formed in nature.
Compare the data storage methods for an online shopping website.
Describe a process of using a GPT model to generate natural language text.
Provide a list of benefits of a plant-based diet.
Describe a successful advertising campaign
Design a program to respond to user queries
Tell me about Copacabana Beach.
Generate a creative slogan for a company that uses renewable energy sources.
Name a food that is traditionally served during Thanksgiving in the US.
Explain in your own words what Active Learning is.
Research the natural disasters most commonly experienced in India.
"Give three examples of characters in ""Harry Potter"" with special magical powers"
What is the probability of flipping 2 coins and getting 2 heads?
What are the benefits of using a deep learning model instead of a traditional machine learning model?
Compare the components of a sales strategy
Can you think of five tips to make a workplace more efficient?
Identify four African countries.
Describe the qualities of a good leader
What are the three major pieces of software that are used in web development?
Compose a review for the new Brad Pitt movie
Identify one symbol and explain its meaning.
What are the major components of an automated marketing system?
Generate a list of three consecutive prime numbers
Summarize the operation of a quicksort algorithm
Create a customer service policy
Write a letter to your boss asking for a raise
Compile 4 actionable advice on managing a remote team.
Provide two example of everyday products that contain plastic.
Ask the Assistant a question about the history of the Internet.
Make a list of five factors that contribute to happiness.
List the steps for writing a press release.
Compare K-Means and Hierarchical Clustering.
Create an algorithm to convert decimal numbers to binary numbers.
Name five famous scientists in the 20th century.
Write an Instagram caption for a photo of a sunrise.
Find the factors of 16.
Generate a metaphor for a driverless car
Generate two meaningful statements about artificial intelligence.
Write a brief speech about civic duty for your local council meeting.
Find the maximum number of events that can be held in a conference room which holds 200 people
Tell me a unique way to make tea.
Design an experiment for testing the effectiveness of different marketing campaigns.
Calculate the rounded value of 10.87
Name three different strategies for mitigating climate change.
Suggest five strategies for time management.
Describe a revolutionary situation in a creative way.
Explain how a farmer can conserve water.
Describe the style of writing used for legal documents.
Write a function to convert a text string into an integer.
What is the name of the first spacecraft to reach the surface of the Moon?
"Sort the following list according to size: skyscraper, shed, house, bridge."
Develop a pitch for a new technology product that can measure access to healthcare.
Describe a peaceful outdoor setting.
What do you think of adventure holidays?
What year was James Madison born in?
Describe the three branches of the US government.
Suggest 5 best practices for online customer service.
Describe the process a computer goes through to turn code into something useful
Generate a job posting for a data analyst.
Construct the following analogy: Cat : Dog :: Fish : ?
Rank the US states based on the highest percentage of elderly population. Output a list of states with the state name and corresponding percentage.
Provide an example of a sentence that has a subject-verb agreement error.
Propose a solution for dealing with air pollution.
Name five popular NLP applications.
List three reasons for preserving biodiversity.
Explicate the concept of artificial intelligence
Create a newspaper headline about a new discovery
Provide some tips on how to make an argument in a debate.
"Give me an example of a made-up word starting with ""f""."
Describe in detail the process of creating an API.
Explain what is the difference between a serif and sans serif font.
Write a to-do list for a job interview.
Edit the following sentence: The cats eat the rats
Brainstorm some ideas for a fictional novel.
Name 5 types of animals that are kept as pets.
Find an example of a business that has successfully used creative marketing tactics.
What are several ways to make a vegetable dish taste more interesting?
"Compare and contrast the four types of memory: sensory, short-term, working, and long-term."
Describe how social media has changed society.
"Generate a passcode that meets these requirements: at least 8 characters, one capital letter, one lowercase letter, one number, and one special character"
What safety risks come with using a hoverboard?
Describe what the color blue evokes in people.
"Given a dataset of customer purchase histories, identify the customer segment that is most likely to purchase again from the same store."
Name the six types of simple machines.
Create a list of 5 interview questions to ask a team leader.
Create a class in Java that implements a data structure.
Explain the importance of networking in the job market.
Provide three examples of renewable energy sources.
What property did atoms acquire when the Big Bang happened?
Pick a random animal and generate a realistic description on its body features.
How might poverty lead to homelessness?
Create a social media strategy to attract followers on Twitter.
Describe how a GPT model works.
"Change the following sentence from passive to active voice:
The new product was launched yesterday"
Explain the difference between systematic and unsystematic risk
"Compute the total cost of 10 items, each with a price of $4."
Generate a list of tips for someone who is learning a new language.
Describe a human-machine interface in 5 words.
Make a list of 5 animals found in the rainforest.
Generate a novel story idea.
Cite an important ethical consideration regarding working with customer data.
Predict how company stocks will perform over the course of the next 6 months.
Generate a persuasive speech about decreasing the use of plastic
List the steps you will take to create a budget
"Classify the following tweet as being positive, negative, or neutral: ""My textbooks are still on the way!""."
Explain what game theory is.
What is the most important thing to remember when delivering a presentation?
Provide an example of a passive fire protection system.
Create a function to calculate the standard deviation of a set of numbers.
Brainstorm a new idea for a movie.
Create a poem that is related to the season of Fall.
Generate a metaphor to describe the experience of writing a novel.
List 5 clothing items you would take on a long camping trip.
Name three possible motivational strategies to incentivize employees.
Tell me what 'cache' means in the context of computers?
What is 7/8 as a decimal
Identify the main differences between Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML).
Write a report summarizing the possible causes of a plane crash.
Explain the concept of ‘rigor mortis’.
How would you define fascism?
Come up with two ideas for a TV series.
You are requested to generate a list of projects that you can implement over the next 3 months.
Generate a list of questions to ask a teenager about their day-to-day life.
Explain to me how a rainforest works.
Generate a story about fairies who come to help humans.
Write a news report about how technology is advancing in the healthcare sector.
Describe the challenges to effective performance management.
List the top 5 largest countries in the world.
Name five benefits of practicing yoga
You are expected to attend a virtual meeting but don’t know the right way to do it. Describe the ideal approach.
Write a slogan for an animal rescue organization.
Describe the most common features an optical microscope has.
Identify two key features of a spider's body.
"Construct a sentence with the words ""enduring"", ""relationship"", and ""longevity""."
Describe a way to save energy in an office.
Give five tips for creating an effective landing page
Give the 5 senses description of an airplane.
"Identify the subject in this sentence: ""Mike caught the bus to school"""
Suggest some methods to reduce stress in a job interview.
"Classify the following statement as True or False.

People cannot be both introverted and extroverted."
Describe the benefits of eating healthy foods.
Give a real life example of the law of inertia.
List the members of the United Nations
Generate a list of health benefits associated with drinking green tea.
Describe the procedure for adding a new user to a computer system.
Outline the different types of Hinduism.
Write a review of your recent visit to a restaurant.
"What is the meaning of the phrase ""on an even keel"", output the explanation."
Generate 5 sentences about the effects of climate change
"Given a dataset, perform k-means clustering."
Write a headline for a story involving a data breach.
How does an animal's diet affect its behavior?
Create a function to check if an input string is a palindrome.
Think of a list of 5 animals starting with the letter  'K'.
Describe a recent experience with customer service.
What is the result of 12/3?
Choose a suitable Color Scheme for a website in the hospital industry.
Create a movie title by combining two words that share a connection.
Find 5 words that describe the emotions of a person when they failed a test.
Generate a list of actions that can help keep the environment healthy.
Calculate the sum of the series 1 + 4 + 7 + 10 + ... + 91
Summarize the following statement in a single sentence: Our goal is to create sustainable and eco-friendly products.
How are the oil and gas industry affected by climate change?
Convert 45 g of sugar to teaspoons.
Describe the behavior of a prodigal son
Elaborate on why students should get involved in their school communities.
Create a timeline showing the main events of the American Revolution.
"Convert this sentence into a question:

Massachusetts was the first state to legalize same-sex marriage."
Create a report outlining the advantages and disadvantages of using [Machine Learning] in a certain industry.
Write a code that prints the Fibonacci sequence up to the nth term.
Suggest a new way to use a stapler.
Find the coefficient of x^2 and constant term in the equation 4x^2 - 3x + 7 = 0
Tell me which Disney character has the most iconic clothes.
Create a haiku about a football game.
Explain a machine learning algorithm in one sentence.
Compare and contrast learning through reading versus learning through experience.
Suggest a family trip destination.
Sketch a chair design with an ergonomic shape.
List two animal species that are endemic to Antarctica.
Generate a list of creative gifts for children between the ages of 5 and 8
Describe two advantages that application-level middleware can provide.
What is the biggest threat to the environment?
"Analyze the following quote: ""Life is what you make it."""
"Name two main characters of the novel ""The Catcher in the Rye""."
Generate a sentence of at least 8 words which describes a task of GPT model.
Compile the pros and cons of a product.
"Calculate the volume of a rectangular prism with a length of 16 cm, a height of 7 cm and a width of 5cm."
"Group the following list of shapes into 2D and 3D shapes: triangle, sphere, cylinder, square."
Write a summary of the process for creating and managing a digital marketing campaign.
Generate a regex pattern for parsing a date in the format 'MM/DD/YYYY'.
How can Machine Learning be used to identify spam emails?
Name three countries that border Russia.
Describe the biggest challenge you had to overcome during the past year.
Provide 3 examples of countries that have recently experienced war
Categorize the following as either a noun or verb: Walk
Compare a skyscraper to a mountain.
How could the government improve access to education?
Write a short bio for a web development job.
List down three positive traits of a successful person
Choose three words which are synonyms of each other.
Develop a list of 5 steps to ensure project success.
What are the components of a standard medieval armor?
Name five countries where Spanish is the official language.
Create a mental model that explains how the internet works.
Generate a metaphor for a person who is quite stubborn.
Find the area of a square shape with side length 5 cm.
Find a suitable example of a Shakespearean sonnet.
Suggest a simple breakfast recipe that can be made in under 20 minutes.
Suggest five tips for dressing well for a formal event.
"Identify the incorrect word in the following sentence:

I have too many debt to pay."
How does the fishing industry affect the environment?
Suggest a creative solution to the issue of global warming
"Create a 3D array of random numbers, with shape of (3,3,3)."
Create a list of five questions to ask a potential job candidate.
Create a metaphor for a person’s determination to realize their goals.
Name a technology that can be used to power electric vehicles
Compose haiku with 3 lines with 5-7-5 syllable counts.
Describe the difference between polynomial equations and exponential equations
Generate a list of activities that can be done to reduce your carbon footprint.
"Explain the difference between homophones ""there"" and ""their""."
Generate a story about a girl who visits an alien planet.
Name 3 different types of renewable energy.
"Generate a deeper understanding of the idiom ""bringing home the bacon""."
Describe the purpose of the Global Positioning System (GPS).
Give four examples of natural language processing tasks
Create a quiz that asks about the first Thanksgiving.
Generate two interesting quotes
Suggest three outdoor activities that could be played by a group of two adults and two children.
Prepare a speech explaining the importance of saving water
Explain the meaning of 'procrastination'.
Write a dialogue between two friends discussing the current state of the economy.
Recommend a movie for me.
Generate a list of countries in the continent of Africa
Write a paragraph to explain the concept of natural language processing
Describe how a cloud forms.
What is a major advantage of using a mobile app?
Explain the concept of parallel lines.
Name a profession related to medicine.
How can we reduce global greenhouse gas emissions?
Create a multiplication table for 6.
What methods can be used to prevent data leakage?
Generate three research questions related to the impact of social media on mental health.
What is the definition of an energy pyramid?
"Generate a list of English words starting with the letter ""c""."
Find the price of a leopard print dress from Amazon.
Write a Fortune Cookie Message
Provide five tips to stay organized.
"Generate a unique password that contains numbers, letters, and special characters."
Compute the minimum score required to pass a test with 15 questions and a passing score of 80%.
Explain the significance of the Berlin Wall.
"Find three examples of alliteration in the following sentence:
The bubbly baby blindly blundered through the bedroom."
List five ingredients for a vegetarian chili.
Write one way to save energy at home.
Divide the number 649 by the number 3 and output the result.
What is the name of the longest river in Africa?
Create a marketing campaign that promotes ethical and sustainable items.
Come up with a set of rules for a game.
How did the Battle of Gettysburg change the course of the American Civil War?
Generate a refrain for a new alternative rock song.
Name 5 different types of applications that can be developed with Python.
Write a short story about an elderly woman and her pet cat.
Describe the feeling of being extremely stressed
What are the effects of long-term exposure to air pollution?
Describe in a few words what makes a good leader.
Generate an opening paragraph for a mystery novel.
Describe how decision-making algorithms work.
Create a rule for a basic game.
Name 6 animals that live underwater.
Create a system to indicate quality levels in products.
How would you explain the difference between a novel and a short story?
Write a paragraph of five sentences about the rise of Australian Cricket in the past decade
"Explain the following proverb ""Honesty is the best policy"""
Create a mnemonic device to remember the names of the Great Lakes.
Generate five descriptive adjectives to describe a red rose flower
Name five sports and the countries they originated in.
Give a suggestion for a fun activity that can be done with friends.
Describe what is hyperparameter optimization and list three popular techniques.
Create a script for a TV commercial
Describe different types of computer viruses and their effects.
Provide a comparison between the characteristics of the Italian and French cuisines.
Describe a day in the life of a city councilor.
Explain in 50 words or less how customer service can impact customer loyalty.
How can businesses practice sustainability?
Give me a list of countries in East Africa.
Create a context-free sentence that describes a beach.
Today is a sunny day. Write a short poem about it.
How would you protect your computer from viruses?
Discuss the potential environmental impact of replacing traditional gas-powered cars with electric vehicles.
Create a call to action that encourages the audience to support a cause.
"Write a C++ program that prints ""Hello World!"""
What are the most important evaluation criteria when assessing the quality of a software product?
Convert this 0.84545 to a percent.
What are the ingredients in a Cobb salad?
Analyze a current controversial issue and determine which side you agree with and why.
Create a musical score with 4 beats
Generate a list of potential compounds that could be used in a medicinal treatment.
Is the number 12 prime?
Generate a list of potential features that a health tracking mobile app could use.
Name five kinds of birds found in the United States.
"Categorize the following statement according to its type (moral, legal, universal, etc.): ""Everyone should treat each other with respect."""
"When was the ""iPhone"" first introduced?"
Describe the current situation with Covid-19.
Name three elements of a successful expository essay
Explain why an organization might use open source software
Generate three names that sound like they belong to characters in a fantasy world
Generate a movie recommendation for a person who likes thrillers and horror.
Write a short story about overcoming adversity.
What are the essential skills to become a successful software engineer?
Generate a wedding toast.
"Summarize the main points of the article ""How to write an effective resume""."
Name one algorithm used in machine learning
Make a flow chart representing a job application process.
What is the scientific name for the Antarctic blue whale?
"Write an acrostic poem with the topic of ""Friendship"""
Construct a pun involving animals.
Write a headline for an article about a new streaming service.
Make a list of 5 ways a business can improve customer experience.
Describe the impact of a software bug on the customer experience.
"Identify the type of the following sentence: ""Alice is really happy about the result."""
Name a tool for connecting with customers on social media.
Describe what a typical day looks like for a student studying computer science.
Generate a list of questions that you would ask to get to know someone better.
Describe the types of transportation available in Chicago.
Explain why the Moon rotates.
Explain why the demand for goods increases.
Find the forecast for next week for Chicago
Generate an example of an application to work as a store manager
Generate an example of a technology that can be used to facilitate remote communication in a healthcare setting.
List 5 reasons why it is important for students to learn coding.
Describe how organic farming differs from traditional methods.
"Construct a valid statement using the word ""heresy""."
Come up with three different synonyms for the word “happy”.
Construct a query to find out the average salary of Data Scientists in the US
Describe what it means to live a good life.
Create a list of 5 activities that people can do to stay healthy.
What is the main difference between natural language processing (NLP) and natural language understanding (NLU)?
Give an example of a challenge that a person with a disability faces.
Write an API to find the next prime number
Output an appropriate expression that satisfies the following condition: it should be used to express surprise.
Please provide the suffix of the word 'helpful'.
Describe a situation where you had to demonstrate teamwork.
Create a program to identify whether a person is speaking English or Spanish.
"Identify which of the following regions are in South America: Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico."
Design a hypothetical experiment to determine how long it takes to learn a new skill.
Can you give me the definition of Marketing?
Write a blog post that explains the difference between micro and macroeconomics
Give two possible consequences of global warming.
Explain why the Civil War was fought.
"Describe a web page in the following format:

Header, Body, Footer."
Identify the molecular formula for carbon dioxide.
Invent a mythological creature.
Brainstorm three specific strategies to deal with a deadline.
Choose the most appropriate synonym to this phrase: disbelief
Choose an appropriate title for a story about a cat who likes to chase butterflies.
Generate a list of security best practices for a company's website.
Come up with three words that end in 'ion'.
Give the input and output required to complete the instruction: Generate a description of a sunset
Describe a feature you would like to see in future digital assistants
Explain the concept of supply and demand in economics.
Can a GPT-3 model recognize objects?
Design a meal-planning system
Identify 3 animals that live in the North America.
Identify 3 people who have made significant contributions to the field of robotics
Propose a solution to end world hunger
Write a paragraph about the impact of economic incentives on the behavior of consumers.
"What is the meaning of the phrase ""rule of thumb""?"
Take two words and create a completely new word by combining them.
"Compose a poem using the following words: ""dawn,"" ""river,"" and ""sunrise."""
Make a robot hand using items from around the house.
Create an original story of a person named Kate who is a physician.
Write a rap based on the topic of self-love
Write a persuasive argument for blocking the use of facial recognition in public spaces.
How does the human immune system fight infection?
Look up the biography of Malcolm X on Wikipedia.
Suggest a creative solution to the following problem: how can we reduce the amount of plastic waste in the environment?
What is another term for a weekly time period?
Create 3 sample questions for an English language test.
"Research the meaning of the term ""cultural relativism"" and explain it in an easy to understand manner."
Give three examples of a non-deterministic Turing machine.
Create a story about a group of friends that go on an adventure
List some common applications of machine learning.
"Paraphrase the following sentence:

She couldn't believe her luck."
Name two animal species that live in the ocean.
Create a quiz about the elements for a fourth-grade classroom.
Choose two colors to go together and explain why they are a good combination.
Describe the physical properties of a magnet in 5 lines.
Create a list of common vocabulary words for a 5th grader.
Explain why credit scores are important.
What are three benefits of using cloud computing?
Create a title for an article about online gaming.
Provide an example of Newton's second law of motion.
List the main organs of the respiratory system
Get an estimate for the population of Italy.
Name three benefits of being bilingual.
Is the following sentence a declarative statement or a interrogative statement? The car needs to be refueled.
Search the internet and find an example of a memo.
Compose a sonnet about the beauty of nature.
Construct a multiplication table with 5 rows and 6 columns.
Provide two potential solutions to decrease ocean pollution.
Assess the credibility of the following website: wikipedia.org
Write a poem about being brave
Generate a list of strategies for developing a successful business.
Generate 4 random English words
Suggest some activities for an outdoor picnic
Make suggestions for how to reduce the amount of single-use plastic produced.
Formulate a hypothesis to explain why the prices of housing are higher in cities.
Identify three landmarks in the United States
"Take the input and provide a definition for the word ""ecology""."
Create a timeline of the history of computer vision.
Arithmetic exercise. What is the number 16 divided by 4?
Create a metaphor that illustrates grief.
Describe a significant event in British History and explain its importance.
Give 10 features of the sun.
